UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, DC 20549
FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025
 
or
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from________to________
Commission File Number: 001-39748
PUBMATIC, INC.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
20-5863224
(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
Not applicable
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of Each Class
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share
Trading Symbol
PUBM
Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
The Nasdaq Global Market
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
(§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer
Non-accelerated filer
Accelerated filer


Smaller reporting company
Emerging growth company
☒


If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒
The aggregate market value of common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2025, based on the closing sales price for the registrant’s Class A
common stock as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market, was approximately
$458.3 million. As of February 19, 2026, there were 39,142,185 shares of the registrant’s Class A common stock outstanding and 8,263,239 shares of the registrant’s Class B
common stock outstanding.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement for its 2025 annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
to the extent stated herein. Such proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant’s fiscal year ended
December 31, 2025.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
Note About Forward-Looking Statements 1
Market and Industry Data 2
Summary of Risk Factors 3
Part I
Item 1. Business 5
Item 1A. Risk Factors 14
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 44
Item 1C. Cybersecurity 44
Item 2. Properties 46
Item 3. Legal Proceedings 46
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 46
Part II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 47
Item 6. Reserved 48
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 49
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 61
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 62
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreement with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 94
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 94
Item 9B. Other Information 95
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 95
Part III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 96
Item 11. Executive Compensation 96
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 96
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 96
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 96
Part IV
Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 97
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 100
Signatures 101
i
Table of Contents
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations,” contains forward-looking statements. The words “believe,” “may,” “will,” “potentially,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,”
“could,” “would,” “project,” “plan,” “expect,” “in the future,” and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to
identify forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about:
• our future financial and operating results;
• our ability to maintain our growth and profitability;
• our ability to attract and retain publishers and expand the utilization of our buyers;
• our ability to maintain a consistent supply of quality advertising inventory;
• our ability to maintain our competitive technological advantages against competitors in our industry;
• our expectations concerning the advertising industry, including the impact of macroeconomic conditions, inflation and fluctuating interest rates;
• our ability to introduce new offerings and bring them to market in a timely manner;
• our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand and intellectual property;
• our ability to continue to expand internationally;
• our expectations concerning relationships with third parties;
• retail and commerce media participants using our platform for onsite monetization today and offsite monetization in the future;
• future acquisitions of or investments in complementary companies or technologies; and
• our ability to comply with evolving legal and industry standards and regulations, particularly concerning data protection and consumer privacy.
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in “Risk Factors” and
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from
time to time. It is not possible to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or
combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these
risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur and
actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements.
You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the
forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, performance, or events and circumstances reflected in the forward
looking statements will be achieved or occur. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. You should
read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and have filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, and circumstances may be materially different from
what we expect.
Unless otherwise indicated, the terms “PubMatic,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to PubMatic, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries.
1
Table of Contents
MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA
Unless otherwise indicated, information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K concerning our industry and the markets in which we operate is
based on information we obtained from industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies, as well as assumptions that we have made that
are based on that data and on our knowledge of the markets for our products and services. This information involves important assumptions and limitations,
and are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains our trade names, trademarks, and service marks, including the PubMatic name and logo, and all product
names. This Annual Report on Form 10-K may also contain the trade names, trademarks, and service marks of other companies. We do not intend our use
or display of other companies’ trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with these other companies, or endorsement or
sponsorship of us by these other companies. Other trademarks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective holders.
2
Table of Contents
SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS
The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe
that the risks described in the “Risk Factors” section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are
immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it
should be read in conjunction with the “Risk Factors” section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
• Our revenue and results of operations are highly dependent on the overall demand for advertising.
• If our existing customers do not expand their usage of our platform, or if we fail to attract new customers, our growth will suffer. Moreover, any
decrease in the use of the advertising channels or formats that we primarily depend on, or failure to expand into emerging channels or formats,
could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
• Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly and may not meet our expectations or those of securities analysts and investors.
• If we fail to make the right investment decisions in our platform, or if we fail to innovate and develop new solutions that are adopted by
customers, we may not attract and retain customers, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
• Our increasing reliance on artificial intelligence to operate our platform and differentiate our offerings creates new operational, competitive, and
execution risks that may be difficult to predict or manage.
• The adoption of artificial intelligence by our customers, competitors, and other market participants may alter the competitive dynamics of the
digital advertising ecosystem in ways that reduce demand for our platform or diminish our competitive position.
• We must scale our platform infrastructure to support anticipated growth and transaction volume. If we fail to do so, or doing so becomes too
costly, we may limit our ability to process ad impressions, and we may lose revenue.
• Our efforts to provide new or expanded offerings may not be successful, or we may not be able to scale our offerings to meet demand in a timely
manner, and, as a result, we may not realize a return from our investments.
• Our litigation with Google LLC presents several risks to our business that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition.
• The rejection of targeted advertising by consumers, through opt-in, opt-out or ad-blocking technologies or other means or the restriction on the use
of third party-cookies, mobile advertising identifiers or other tracking technologies, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and
financial condition.
• The continued restriction, reduced utility, or future deprecation of tracking technologies, or the potential development of proprietary or closed
alternatives to cookies, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
• Our business depends on the lawful availability and utility of data signals used to enable advertising transactions, support analytics, optimization,
and automation features, including those incorporating machine-learning or artificial-intelligence-based functionality, and any limitations on our
ability to collect, process, or share such data could diminish the value of our platform and our financial results.
• If publishers, buyers, and data providers do not obtain necessary and requisite consents from consumers for us to process their personal data, we
could be subject to fines and liability.
• Privacy-related class-action litigation poses increasing financial and operational risk.
• The digital advertising industry is intensely competitive, and if we do not effectively compete against current and future competitors, our business,
results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
• Market pressure may reduce our revenues.
• Seasonal fluctuations or market changes in digital advertising activity could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.
• If changes in ad formats, delivery mechanisms, or platform policies prevent advertisements from being delivered to consumers, our business,
results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
• If we fail to detect or prevent fraud on our platform, or malware intrusion into the systems or devices of our publishers and their consumers,
publishers could lose confidence in our platform, and we could face legal claims.
• Our success depends on our ability to retain key members of our management team, and on our ability to hire, train, retain, and motivate new
employees.
3
Table of Contents
• We are subject to payment-related risks if demand-side platform (“DSP”) buyers dispute or do not pay their invoices, and if DSPs file for
bankruptcy protection or there are any decreases in payments, it could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial
condition.
• Our international operations subject us to additional costs and risks, and our continued international expansion may not be successful.
• Our use and reliance upon technology and development resources in India may expose us to unanticipated costs and liabilities, which could affect
our ability to realize cost savings from our operations in India.
• We depend on third-party data centers, the disruption of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
• Platform outages or disruptions, including due to cyberattacks or our failure to maintain adequate security and supporting infrastructure, could
adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
• Our software platform could be susceptible to errors, defects, or unintended performance problems that could adversely affect our business, results
of operations, and financial condition.
• Our continued business success depends upon our ability to offer high-quality inventory with appropriate viewability capabilities.
• Future acquisitions or strategic investments could be difficult to identify and integrate, divert the attention of management, and could disrupt our
business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
• We rely on customers, publishers, buyers, and partners to abide by contractual requirements and relevant laws, rules, and regulations when using
our platform, and legal claims or enforcement actions resulting from their actions could expose us to liabilities, damage our reputation, and be
costly to defend.
• We use artificial intelligence in our business, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in reputational harm, competitive harm,
and legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations.
• We are subject to frequently evolving laws, regulations and industry requirements related to data privacy, data protection, information security, and
consumer protection across the markets we operate in.
• Legal uncertainty and industry unpreparedness for new regulations may mean substantial disruption and inefficiency, demand constraints, and
reduced inventory supply and value.
• Recent legal developments in Europe have introduced uncertainty for transferring personal data from the European Union to the United States,
which may require us to change our EU data practices.
• Our failure or the failure of third parties to protect our sites, networks and systems against security breaches, or otherwise to protect our
confidential information, could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and operating results.
• We may be subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages,
and could limit our ability to use technology or intellectual property.
• Our intellectual property rights may be difficult to enforce and protect, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our technology without
compensating us, thereby eroding our competitive advantages and having an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.
• We rely on licenses to use the intellectual property rights of third parties to conduct our business.
• Our platform relies on third-party open source software components. Failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software
licenses could expose us to liabilities, and the combination of open source software with code that we develop could compromise the proprietary
nature of our platform.
• If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements and other disclosures on a timely basis could
be impaired.
• Our credit agreement contains operating and financial covenants that may restrict our business and financing activities.
• The trading price of the shares of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and could subject us to litigation.
• Insiders have substantial control over our company, including as a result of the dual class structure of our common stock, which could limit or
preclude investors’ ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors and the approval of any change of control transaction.
4
Table of Contents
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Overview
PubMatic, Inc. (“we”, or “us) is an independent, artificial intelligence-powered advertising technology company that delivers digital advertising
performance. Our mission is to fuel the endless potential of Internet content creators and to enable a thriving, advertisement-funded digital ecosystem
where global audiences can gain free or affordable access to information and entertainment.
Our integrated technology platform connects buyers, publishers, data providers, and commerce media networks on a single, unified platform, to deliver
advertising performance, control, transparency and efficiency. Our platform empowers the world’s leading digital content creators (which we collectively
refer to as “publishers”) to maximize monetization of their advertising inventory and audiences and provides control and transparency to buyers, which
includes advertisers, agencies, agency trading desks, and demand side platforms (“DSPs”), which we collectively refer to as “buyers”.
Our Industry
The digital advertising ecosystem continues to evolve and adapt at a rapid pace. Some key industry trends include:
Continued Growth of Digital Media Across Multiple Platforms: Consumers have dramatically increased the amount of time they spend online, on
mobile devices, or watching content through connected television, or CTV. To better reach consumers, media spend continues to shift to digital formats
across every media channel and device.
Consolidation and Convergence of the Digital Advertising Supply Chain: As advertisers increase the percentage of their overall advertising budgets
spent on digital formats, they are increasingly demanding greater efficiency and control of their entire digital advertising supply chain. This desire for
efficiency and control has led to a growing trend among advertisers to establish direct relationships with vendors in the digital advertising ecosystem that
have transparent business practices and technical capabilities to meet their objectives. Additionally, buyers are increasingly interested in adopting integrated
solutions on one platform that provides both demand side and sell side functionality. This has resulted in a larger portion of media spend consolidating onto
fewer, more capable technology platforms.
Increased Focus on Performance Driven Media: As spend shifts to digital formats, media budgets are further consolidating around measurable,
outcome-based media. As a result, spend is shifting towards media channels where authenticated audiences, rich first-party data, commerce transactions,
and deeper engagement enable more durable and measurable monetization. These media channels include:
• CTV and premium video,
• Retail and commerce media, which leverages authenticated users and closed-loop attribution tied to transaction data, and
• Applications designed specifically for mobile devices (e.g., mobile apps) and emerging AI-native environments that offer richer signals and
higher-quality engagement than traditional browser-based surfaces.
These channels emphasize outcome measurement, closed-loop attribution, high quality supply, and curated transaction paths, reflecting the industry’s
migration away from the traditional browser-based model.
Automation and Data Processing: As consumers increasingly engage with digital media, and as advertisers bid on a growing array of ad formats and
impressions, an immense amount of data is generated. Additionally, we see a shift toward increased automation and AI-driven data processing as media
consumption fragments across platforms, devices, and formats. The growth of programmatic advertising, real-time bidding, header bidding, retail media,
and CTV has materially increased the volume, velocity, and complexity of data generated across the advertising supply chain.
As a result, the ability to rapidly process and act on large, diverse data sets has become foundational to effective participation in the digital advertising
ecosystem while also prioritizing efficiency and user experience. Machine learning and AI have become critical to enabling this automation and
increasingly power pricing, yield optimization, demand allocation, fraud detection, and performance measurement. Platforms that embed intelligent
automation and AI into their core infrastructure are better positioned to scale efficiently, manage rising transaction volumes, and control unit economics,
while supporting increasingly complex advertising workflows.
5
Table of Contents
Data Privacy and Regulatory Challenges: There continues to be an increasing awareness of how digital user data is being leveraged to target ads,
resulting in the continued expansion of privacy laws and regulations. This expansion includes provisions for private right of action, resulting in an increase
in class-action litigation involving digital advertising specifically. In addition to governmental actors, including legislatures and regulatory agencies at the
national and state level, there have also been a growing number of consumer-focused non-profit organizations and commercial entities advocating for
privacy rights. These laws and institutions enable consumers to assert their rights over the use of their digital data in advertising transactions, a trend which
we support. Digital advertising as an industry must continue to adapt to these trends they are signals of what consumers tolerate in the wake of their digital
footprint.
Our Digital Advertising Solutions
Our platform and suite of solutions serve four primary customer types:
• Publishers, primarily large omnichannel partners, across display, video, mobile web, app, and CTV,
• Buyers, including DSPs, agency holding companies, independent agencies, and advertisers, mostly for brand-oriented spend,
• Data partners and curators that leverage our platform for activation, measurement, and privacy-safe audience solutions, and
• Retail and commerce media participants using our platform for onsite monetization today and offsite monetization in the future.
Through these customers, we generate revenue from the use of our platform for the purchase and sale of digital advertising inventory and value-added
features and functionality.
We primarily work with large publishers and app developers who allow us direct access to their ad inventory, as well as select channel partners that
meet our quality and scale thresholds. Our channel partners aggregate and provide further access to thousands of sites and apps from smaller publishers. We
generate revenue through fees charged to our publishers, which are generally a percentage of the value of the advertising impressions that publishers
monetize on our platform.
We also generate revenues from new and add-on features and functionality, such as Connect, our solution that provides additional data and insights to
buyers, Activate, which allows buyers to execute direct deals on our platform across our publisher inventory, and OpenWrap, our header bidding solution.
These solutions, among many others, are sold separately from or in conjunction with use of our platform. We are also investing in AI products that are
creating incremental revenue streams such as Intelligent Yield for publishers, which uses adaptive learning models to automate pricing and improve auction
efficiency.
We continue to invest in new features for our existing solutions and emerging solutions such as our product Convert, our commerce media solution and
AI-powered solutions for buyers and publishers.
To facilitate the sale of publisher inventory, we enter into written service agreements with our buyers, including DSPs, that allow them to use our
platform to buy ad inventory. We also enter into supply path optimization (“SPO”) agreements directly with both advertisers and agencies through various
arrangements to increase the volume of ad spend on our platform.
Our Competitive Advantage
Our ability to serve both sides of the transaction (both publisher and buyer), while maintaining independence and neutrality, provides us with a
competitive advantage as the open web consolidates around the smaller number of scaled infrastructure providers.
Our AI-powered agentic buyer and publisher platforms provide agentic workflows that we believe drive significant operational efficiencies during
discovery, planning, and activation phases. In addition, we believe through products like Intelligent Yield and AI Insights demonstrate that we are
deploying AI in a manner that improves speed, performance, and outcomes faster than many of our competitors.
Publishers are actively seeking to maximize the value of their ad inventory, and buyers are seeking to increase advertising ROI. We believe that our
specialized cloud platform, supported by rapid innovation, and transparent business model provide incentives to buyers to consolidate an increasing share
of their total digital spend on our platform. At the same time, we believe our direct publisher relationships, omnichannel header bidding capabilities, global
scale, emerging solutions, and access to incremental advertiser demand through direct relationships with buyers drive superior yield for publishers.
6
Table of Contents
We believe the following strengths provide us with long-term competitive advantages:
Global, Omnichannel Reach: We are a global business with distributed critical infrastructure and a go-to-market presence in every major advertising
market in the world outside of China. Many of our publishers have diversified businesses with media properties and audiences across the globe and with a
wide variety of ad products, including display and video ads across desktop, tablet, mobile, and CTV devices. Similarly, many of our buyers have brand
portfolios that span the globe with a variety of ad campaign requirements, from branding to performance, to combinations thereof. All of these parties
actively seek global, omnichannel platform providers that can solve for their needs around the world and across ad formats and devices. Our offering is
omnichannel and targets a diverse set of publishers touching many ad formats, and digital device types, including mobile app, mobile web, desktop,
display, video, over-the-top video (“OTT”), CTV, and rich media. Due to the global, omnichannel reach of our infrastructure, we believe we are well
positioned to help publishers and ad buyers make their advertising businesses more efficient and effective.
Customer Control and Partnership: Due to our status as an independent infrastructure provider prioritizing transparency, we can more closely align
with both publishers and buyers. Unlike some of our competitors, we do not own media and therefore do not have a vested interest in driving ad revenue to
specific media properties. We do not take a position in media or arbitrage media. Our customers can therefore be more confident that our algorithmic
software decisions and our guidance are independent and unbiased. Our trusted status has enabled us to build direct relationships with publisher and buyers.
Leveraging these relationships, we create bespoke products that meet our customers’ needs. Our ability to meet the demands of both buyers and inventory
sellers enables us to produce superior outcomes for all industry participants.
Sustained Innovation of our Cloud Platform: Our specialized cloud platform enables real-time programmatic advertising transactions in a market
characterized by significant data and impression volumes, regulatory complexity, and increased focus on transparency and privacy. We have maintained a
demonstrated track record of stability and agility to address these regulatory and market conditions, and provide superior outcomes for both publishers and
buyers. Additionally, our early adoption of AI in our platform and products is a defining advantage for us which we expect will grow over time.
Finally, we own and operate our proprietary software and hardware infrastructure around the world which saves significant costs and gives us the
efficiencies, control, and independence compared to companies that rely on public cloud alternatives. As the sheer volume of data processed in digital
advertising multiplies, these cost savings and efficiencies can be shared with our customers.
Growth Strategy
We believe we are positioned to benefit from tailwinds in the advertising industry, including the rapid proliferation of digital media, the need for
purpose-built infrastructure to address the increasing complexity in the digital advertising landscape, the focus of buyers on performance driven media and
increasing consumer time spent online. Our growth strategy includes:
Attract New Customers and Expand our Relationship with Existing Customers Globally: We constantly seek to acquire new customers and expand
our relationships with existing publishers and buyers around the world. We invest in continued innovation based on an ever-changing market. We utilize
customer feedback to help address the demands of publishers and buyers in order to maintain and improve our relationships with those customers. We
continue to evaluate new markets with a strategy to use our existing global infrastructure and adjacent sales offices, or by expanding our infrastructure
footprint and placing personnel directly in those markets.
Expansion of SPO Agreements and Activate: As advertisers and agencies increasingly consolidate their spending with fewer larger technology
platforms, we seek to increase the proportion of their digital ad spending on our platform through direct relationships. We have entered into SPO
agreements directly with both advertisers and agencies through various arrangements including custom data and workflow integrations, product features,
and volume-based business terms. The effect of these SPO agreements is to increase the volume of ad spend on our platform without corresponding
increases in technology costs. Additionally, we believe our Activate platform provides buyers with the transparency and reporting they demand and a more
efficient, performance-based way to access publisher inventory.
Expansion of Video and Mobile: We see significant growth opportunities in both video and mobile as consumers shift more of their time online to
mobile devices and online streaming services. For example, as streaming video continues to expand and ad-supported models become more prevalent,
advertising budgets have shifted from linear television to CTV.
Accelerate Emerging Revenue Streams: As we grow our customer base and process increasing volumes of ad impressions and data, we gain insights
into new challenges we can solve on behalf of our customers. We focus on creating new products that we believe address our customers’ needs, at times
before the customer is aware of such need.
7
Table of Contents
We will continue to invest in our go to market efforts to sell our emerging offerings such as Connect, Activate, and Convert, which drives new
revenues streams, as well as our offerings such as Intelligent Yield and Access Membership.
Monetization Excellence: We strive to continuously improve publisher revenue and advertiser ROI by investing in our technology and improving our
machine learning capabilities. We leverage our increasing artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities, alongside our growing publisher and
buyer relationships, to improve liquidity in our marketplace. Increasing numbers of ad impressions, increasing number of advertiser bids, and data
proliferation provide us with many opportunities to better match sellers and buyers of ad inventory. We believe that improved matching will lead to the
growth of our platform and greater publisher and buyer retention.
Infrastructure Platform Efficiency: We have a proven track record of improving data center infrastructure performance on a year-over-year basis.
This metric reflects the full cost and operational complexity of running a programmatic digital advertising platform, not merely the cost of serving ad
impressions. Our performance improvements account for shifts in workload mix, including processing fewer but higher-value impressions and supporting
increasingly sophisticated use cases such as complex deal targeting, pacing, and optimization logic.
Additionally, we analyze the data on our platform through extensive application of AI technologies, including machine learning and increasingly
Generative AI. By leveraging these capabilities, we are able to more cost effectively improve outcomes for our customers. For example, when our machine
learning models predict that an impression will attract high bids, our algorithms provide pricing guidance to bidders in real time, which can lead to
significant inventory yield improvements for publishers and higher win rates for ad buyers. Our ability to accurately predict and monetize high value
impressions also allows us to operate more efficiently, due to the fact that the cost of processing low-value impressions and high-value impressions are
approximately the same. Our algorithms, such as for traffic shaping, deploy a variety of means to optimize traffic sent to DSPs, agencies, and advertisers.
Regulatory Compliance: A rapidly expanding, evolving, and increasingly enforced set of global, federal, and state-level privacy, data protection, and
consumer transparency and data governance laws and regulations has significantly increased the complexity, cost, and operational burden associated with
the collection, use, processing, and transmission of data within the digital advertising ecosystem. These regulations include, most notably, the European
Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which became effective in May 2018, and continues to be the subject of active regulatory guidance
and enforcement, and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”), which became effective in
January 2020. In the United States, legislative and regulatory activity at the state level continues at a rapid pace, including the enactment of new and
numerous state privacy laws and amendments to existing statutes, and related regulations governing targeted advertising of sensitive data, automated
decision-making, and consumer rights, resulting in a regulatory landscape that is fragmented, dynamic, and subject to differing interpretations and
enforcement approaches.
As a result, all in the digital advertising supply chain are subject to increasing and ongoing compliance obligations that require continuous monitoring,
interpretation, and implementation as laws, regulations, guidance, and enforcement priorities evolve. In response to this evolving regulatory environment,
we have implemented technology enhancements, operational controls, and industry-aligned solutions intended to support compliance at scale. We support
browser-based privacy controls such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”), as well as continuously evaluate emerging privacy-preserving technologies
and standards. These efforts also include participation in industry frameworks and standards developed by organizations such as IAB Tech Lab, including
the Transparency and Consent Framework (“TCF”), and the Global Privacy Protocol (“GPP”), as well as contributing to the development of emerging
specifications designed to support automated and agent-based advertising transactions, such as the Ad Creative Protocol (“AdCP”). These frameworks are
designed to facilitate the standardized communication of consent, opt-out, and other privacy signals across complex, multi-party advertising transactions.
In connection with these initiatives, we have developed internal systems and processes designed to capture, evaluate, and transmit consent, opt-in, and
opt-out signals within bid requests and related transactions. However, these frameworks, systems, and processes continue to evolve and may not fully
address all current or future legal requirements, including those arising from new legislation, enforcement actions, or amendments to existing laws, which
may require additional investment, operational changes, or constraints on data-driven activities.
8
Table of Contents
Our Technology
We have designed our technology to efficiently process real-time advertising transactions while leveraging data to optimize outcomes for publishers
and buyers. We own and operate our software and hardware infrastructure globally, which saves significant infrastructure expenditures as compared to
public cloud alternatives. We designed our platform using a flexible, service-oriented architecture in order to facilitate rapid development of new solutions,
to meet evolving industry demands, and to support new use cases and new ad formats. Our agile development process and flexible, service-oriented
architecture empower our development teams to routinely convert a requirement into working software within a typical time frame of two weeks or less.
We offer our solution as a complete, unified offering for publishers who want a simple, efficient and comprehensive solution. We also offer modular
access to our platform via rich application programming interfaces and a mobile software developer kit for mobile applications (“SDK”), for publishers
who wish to integrate with or extend the platform or develop new business models and custom advertising solutions.
Some key benefits of our platform to publishers and buyers include:
• Scalability: Our specialized cloud infrastructure is designed for the rapid and efficient processing of real-time, programmatic ad transactions and
the aggregation and analysis of the significant data accompanying each transaction. The hundreds of billions of ad impressions and trillion
advertiser bids that we process every day generate enormous volumes of data that we harness to drive higher revenue for our publishers and
increased ROI for our buyers.
• Transparency: We provide log-level data to buyers and provide transparency on every ad impression, which gives buyers full control over which
publishers, ad formats, and specific ad impressions on which they would like to bid.
• Built in Quality Controls: We have developed a multi-pronged strategy to create a high-quality marketplace beginning with high quality publisher
selection, supported by proprietary and third-party fraud detection software, manual review, timely fraud investigations, and a fraud-free program
in which buyers are credited for any fraudulent inventory they may have purchased on our platform.
• Data Driven Decisions: We leverage our AI and machine learning capabilities to record, aggregate, analyze, and act on vast amounts of data in a
matter of milliseconds to help our customers optimize their digital advertising businesses in real-time. This data includes first party customer
owned audience data, ad impression and bid request data, and advertiser bid response data. We flow all of this data through our machine learning
platform in order to run thousands of algorithmic iterations on trillions of data points per month. These capabilities improve long term marketplace
liquidity resulting in increased publisher revenue and higher advertiser ROI.
• Self-Serve: Our cloud infrastructure solutions are available via self-serve to publishers and buyers, including an easy-to-use customer user
interface and a set of application programming interfaces that allow our publisher customers to configure new inventory, extend into new
geographies or ad formats, review reporting insights, and manage and track payments and billing cycles.
• Reporting: Our technology platform provides extensive reporting capabilities to both buyers and publishers via application programming
interfaces for direct integration into a customer’s reporting systems. Publishers are able to review performance, monitor key performance
indicators (“KPIs”), and make adjustments to their set up and optimization in real time. Buyers have access to campaign insight data to facilitate
testing and adaptation toward maximizing ROI. Detailed performance by ad format, channels, and ad sizes allows for optimization to achieve
maximum ROI.
Sales and Marketing
We employ a nimble in-market sales team with expertise in programmatic advertising to attract premium publishers to our platform. For our publisher
relationships, we focus our sales and marketing efforts on supporting, advising, and training our publishers to optimize their usage of our platform. We have
dedicated teams focused on new publisher acquisition and existing publisher relationship management. Publishers on our platform work closely with our
Customer Success team, which handles on-boarding and providing support throughout the publisher relationship life cycle. Our Customer Success team is
organized and specialized by type of ad format and device and is trained to both maximize the number of integrations with each publisher and deploy the
value-added solutions that we provide.
Similarly, we have teams focused on new business acquisition and existing partner retention and expansion for our buyers. These teams focus on
onboarding new partners and increasing spend across a variety of ad formats, devices, and geographies.
9
Table of Contents
Our marketing team is focused on achieving thought leadership, educating customers on how to harness programmatic advertising to improve their
business, guiding buyers on how to maximize ROI via the PubMatic cloud infrastructure, supporting our sales team, generating new leads, and increasing
awareness for our brand.
Our Competition
The digital advertising ecosystem is competitive and we compete with other large SSPs, smaller private SSPs in markets around the world, and
divisions of larger technology companies.
While there is direct competition, we believe our AI-driven cloud infrastructure is differentiated and is a competitive advantage. In addition, our
infrastructure is interoperable with the major header bidding software frameworks including open source Prebid, Google’s Open Bidding, Amazon’s
Transparent Ad Marketplace, and others.
We have also demonstrated an ability to extend our header bidding infrastructure into a variety of higher-growth ad formats such as mobile web,
mobile app, digital video, and most recently OTT/CTV.
We believe that our specialized platform and cloud infrastructure enable us to compete favorably on the factors described above. In addition, we
believe that new market entrants would find it difficult to gain direct access to publishers and ad buyers given their limited scale and would also face
significant costs to integrate with publishers and ad buyers and comply with evolving regulatory requirements around the world.
Seasonality and Customer Concentration
Digital advertising spend has historically been subject to seasonality. For example, digital advertisers tend to devote a large portion of their budgets to
campaigns in the fourth quarter of the year, to coincide with consumer holiday spending, and then have a significantly smaller advertising budget in the
first calendar quarter. Pricing of digital ad impressions in the fourth quarter is likely to be higher due to increased demand, while those same impressions
may be priced lower in other quarters. As a result, our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for revenue. Accordingly, our first quarter is
typically our largest for collections and publisher payments.
We depend upon a limited number of large DSPs for a large percentage of impressions purchased and our business results, including revenues, may be
impacted by changes in their pricing strategies, bidding algorithms or go-to market efforts. Two of our largest DSP relationships are with Google and The
Trade Desk. We are party to an agreement with Google LLC, under which Google is a buyer on our platform. The initial one-year term of the current
agreement ended in May 2019, and it automatically renews for successive one-year terms unless either party provides written notice at least 60 days’ prior
to the end of the initial term or such successive terms. Either party may terminate for convenience upon providing at least 30 days’ prior written notice. We
signed a prior similar agreement with a Google subsidiary in 2012. We are also party to an agreement with The Trade Desk, Inc., under which The Trade
Desk is a buyer on our platform. The initial term of the agreement ended in November 2013, and it automatically renews for successive one-year terms.
Either party may terminate for convenience upon providing at least 30 days’ prior written notice.
Intellectual Property
The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important component of our success. We protect our intellectual property rights by
relying on federal and state statutory and common law rights, foreign laws where applicable, and contractual restrictions. We seek to control access to our
proprietary technology by entering into non-disclosure agreements with third parties and disclosure and invention assignment agreements with our
employees and contractors.
We consider our trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights to be, in the aggregate, material to our business.
We currently own two issued U.S. patents, expiring in 2034, relating to online advertising and auction techniques. We also own one issued Japanese patent.
We also own trademark registrations and applications for the “PubMatic” name and variants thereof and other product-related marks in the United States
and certain foreign countries. We have also registered numerous Internet domain names related to our business. We believe our platform would be difficult,
time consuming, and costly to replicate.
We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost effective. Despite our efforts to
protect our intellectual property rights, they may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. In addition, the laws of
various foreign countries where our products are distributed may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as laws in the United States.
10
Table of Contents
Privacy and Data
We are subject to laws and regulations governing privacy and the transmission, collection, and use of personal data. Interest-based advertising,
including the use of AI, or the use of data to draw inferences about a consumer’s interests and deliver relevant advertising to that consumer, has come under
increasing scrutiny by state and federal legislatures, regulatory agencies, and self-regulatory bodies, privacy advocates, academics, and commercial
interests in the United States and abroad that focus on data protection and consumer privacy. In particular, much of this scrutiny has focused on consumer
consent and the use of cookies and other tracking technologies that collect or aggregate information about consumers’ online browsing and mobile app
usage activity. Because both our company and our buyers rely upon large volumes of such data collected primarily through cookies and other tracking
technologies, it is essential that we monitor legal requirements and other developments in this area, domestically and globally, maintain a robust privacy
and security compliance program, and engage in responsible privacy practices, including providing consumers with notice of the types of data we collect,
how we collect it, with whom we share it, how we use that data to provide our solutions, and the applicable choices we offer consumers.
We provide notice through our privacy policies and notices, which can be found on our website at www.pubmatic.com. We do not collect information,
such as names, addresses or telephone phone numbers, for providing our advertising services that are directly identifying of the underlying individual. We
take steps not to collect and store such information (although on occasion, our publishers voluntarily share information of their consumers with us and in
such circumstances, we require the publishers to have obtained all necessary consents for such sharing). Our advertising and reporting rely on information
that does not, on its own, directly reveal the identity of the underlying individuals and we do not attempt to associate this information with other
information that can identify such individuals. We typically do collect and store IP addresses, geolocation information, and device identifiers that are
considered personal data or personal information under the privacy laws of some jurisdictions or otherwise may be the subject of current or future data
privacy legislation or regulation. The definition of personally identifiable information, personal information, or personal data, varies by jurisdiction and
continues to evolve in ways that may require us to adapt our practices to avoid violating laws or regulations related to the collection, storage, and use of
consumer data. As a result, our technology platform and business practices must be assessed regularly against a continuously evolving legal and regulatory
landscape, and we have adopted data minimization practices that mitigate our compliance risks.
There are also an increasing number of specific laws and regulations governing the collection and use of certain types of consumer data relevant to our
business. For example, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) imposes restrictions on the collection and use of data provided by children
under the age of 13 by child-directed websites or online services, such as apps, directed to children or any website if the collection of such data is known to
the website or app operator. We have taken various steps to implement a system in which our publishers are contractually obligated to either flag or notify
us in writing of child-directed websites. When websites are flagged, or we receive notice of such websites, we do not collect personal information, as
defined by COPPA, including cookie identifiers that can recognize the same consumer across multiple sites over time, or location information more specific
than street and city, on such websites or online services.
Additionally, our compliance with our privacy policy and our general consumer data privacy and security practices are subject to review by the Federal
Trade Commission, which may bring enforcement actions to challenge allegedly unfair and deceptive trade practices, including the violation of privacy
policies and representations or material omissions therein.
Certain State Attorneys General in the United States may also bring enforcement actions based on comparable state laws or federal laws that permit
state-level enforcement. In California, for example, the state’s Attorney General and the California Privacy Protection Agency (“CalPrivacy”, which is
charged with CCPA rule-making and enforcement) may bring regulatory actions for violations of the CCPA. We have registered as a data broker in
California, Texas and Oregon with each respective state’s Attorney General, and monitor additional state-level registration or reporting obligations as they
emerge. Each US state privacy law sets forth high potential liabilities for data privacy violations on a per-record basis, along with private rights of action in
some states. These developments have required, and are expected to continue to require, sustained investments in legal, technical, and operational
resources. Changes in applicable laws or interpretations, including amendments that expand scope, introduce new consumer rights, or modify consent or
opt-out requirements, may necessitate changes to our products, systems, or business practices and could limit our ability to process data or offer certain
services in particular jurisdictions. Failure to effectively adapt to these changes could expose us to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, litigation,
contractual liabilities, or reputational harm.
11
Table of Contents
Outside of the United States, our privacy and data practices are subject to regulation by data protection authorities and other regulators in the countries
in which we do business. The use and transfer of personal data in member states of the European Union is currently governed under the GDPR, which
grants additional rights to consumers about their data, such as deletion and portability, and generally prohibits the transfer of personal data of EU subjects
outside of the EU, unless the party exporting the data from the EU implements a compliance mechanism designed to ensure that the receiving party will
adequately protect such data. On July 10, 2023, the European Commission approved the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as a valid transfer mechanism,
and in October 2023 we self-certified to comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework,
and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as a mechanism to legally facilitate personal data transfers from the EU, the U.K., and Switzerland to the U.S.
These frameworks are subject to ongoing regulatory oversight and may be challenged in court, including by privacy advocacy organizations, and any
invalidation or modification could require us to adopt alternative transfer mechanisms or make changes to our data flows
The use of other approved cross-border transfer mechanisms, such as the standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data specifically to
the United States, continues to be subject to regulatory scrutiny and regulators in both Europe and the United States regulators have increasingly focused on
cross-border bulk transfers of data, particularly in connection with national security, surveillance, and data access concerns.
The GDPR, as originally implemented by the respective EU member states and later adopted by the U.K. following Brexit (the “UK GDPR”), sets out
higher potential liabilities for certain data protection violations, which may result in fines up to the greater of €20 million or 4% of an enterprise’s global
annual revenue. Additionally, the UK GDPR will also have the ability to fine up to the greater of £17.5 million or 4% of global turnover.
Other jurisdictions have enacted legislation that closely tracks the concepts, obligations, and consumer rights described in the GDPR, including
Brazil’s General Data Protection law and India’s Digital Personal Data Protection Act of 2023. Additional jurisdictions continue to adopt or expand
comprehensive privacy regimes and the regulatory regime surrounding AI is complex and evolving. Some jurisdictions have in recent years enacted data
localization laws, which require any personal data of citizens of those jurisdictions to be stored and processed on servers located in those jurisdictions. Such
laws are gaining momentum and are being enforced by local authorities.
Beyond laws and regulations, we are also members of self-regulatory bodies that impose additional requirements related to the collection, use, and
disclosure of consumer data, including the IAB, the Digital Advertising Alliance, and the NAI. Under the requirements of these self-regulatory bodies, in
addition to other compliance obligations, we provide consumers with notice via our privacy policies about our use of cookies and other technologies to
collect consumer data, our collection and use of consumer data to deliver interest-based advertisements, and consumers’ opt-out choices. We also allow
consumers to opt-out from the use of data we collect for purposes of interest-based advertising through mechanisms described in our privacy policies
available on our website. Some of these self-regulatory bodies have the ability to discipline members or participants, which could result in penalties and
cause reputational harm. Additionally, some of these bodies might refer violations of their requirements to the Federal Trade Commission or other
regulators.
Our Team and Culture
Our culture and our team are our most important asset in building and expanding our business. Our team identifies new problems to solve, builds
solutions, optimizes and extends our infrastructure, and acquires and serves our customers. We believe that strong and diverse customer teams deepen
customer relationships, promote innovation, and increase productivity.
Our workplaces have been recognized as a Great Place to Work in the United States, India, Asia, and Europe.
We have achieved these results by creating employee experiences that foster deep employee engagement built upon personal development and
achievement that is supported by continuous feedback, learning, and team building. Our practice of open and transparent communication coupled with a
performance-based approach to compensation has created a culture in which employees feel empowered in their ability to influence and impact our
business and be rewarded for their efforts. The value proposition we offer to our employees is rounded out with strong benefits programs that include paid
family leave, health and wellness benefits, and company sponsored opportunities to give back to the communities in which they work and live.
It has always been our goal to attract and retain the best talent in the industry and our inclusive recruiting process includes finding those candidates that
best add to our company mission, values, and cultural principles. These three guiding elements form a social contract between employees as well as set
expectations for the common behaviors we can expect from each other and inform how we treat our customers. They are infused in every aspect of our
business, from employee experience and workplace culture to marketing strategies and customer success.
12
Table of Contents
Values:
• We put the customer first.
• We are biased towards action.
• We are leaders and innovators.
• We are committed to integrity.
• We celebrate teamwork.
Cultural Principles:
• We will empower every individual team member and treat each other as partners.
• We will make having fun a priority.
• We will hire and retain the best talent.
• We will communicate internally with honesty, transparency, and authenticity, including positive and negative information.
• We will encourage diversity and inclusion of ideas and people, creating a high-trust and high-performance workplace.
As of December 31, 2025, we had 1,030 employees, of whom 322 were located in the United States, 573 in India, and 135 in our other offices around
the world.
Corporate Information
We were incorporated in the State of Delaware in 2006.
Our internet address is www.pubmatic.com. We file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K,
proxy statements and related amendments, exhibits and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You may access and
read our filings without charge through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or through our website at https://investors.pubmatic.com as soon as reasonably
practicable after such materials are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
Website addresses referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not intended to function as hyperlinks, and the information contained on or
available through our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or documents we
file with or furnish to the SEC.
13
Table of Contents
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with
all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making an
investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of,
or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks materializes, our business,
financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline,
and cause any investment in our Class A common stock to lose some or all of its value.
Risks Related to Our Business, Results of Operations and Growth
Our revenue and results of operations are highly dependent on the overall demand for advertising.
Our business depends on the overall demand for advertising and on the economic health of our current and prospective publishers and buyers. In recent
years, macroeconomic factors such as general economic volatility, recessionary fears, inflation, volatile interest rates and softening demand in certain
verticals caused some advertisers to reduce their advertising budgets. Such macroeconomic factors, as well as broader economic downturns, recessions,
transnational trade wars or disruptions, inflation, further volatility in interest rates or foreign exchange rates or any supply chain disruptions, changes in the
tax treatment of advertising expenses, or general financial uncertainty in North America, Europe, and Asia, where we do most of our business; could
adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, the conflict in Ukraine and the resumption of the conflict in Israel
could cause unpredictable economic effects in Europe and EMEA, including potentially softening general consumer demand. Such conflicts may increase
costs of labor and other items impacting our cost of revenue, and these factors and potential others may do so in the future. Reductions in overall
advertising spending due to these factors or other factors could make it difficult to predict our revenue and could adversely affect our business, results of
operations, and financial condition.
If our existing customers do not expand their usage of our platform, or if we fail to attract new customers, our growth will suffer. Moreover, any
decrease in the use of the advertising channels or formats that we primarily depend on, or failure to expand into emerging channels or formats, could
adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We depend upon our buyer and publisher relationships, including channel partners, which aggregate large numbers of smaller publishers, to provide
advertising space which we can offer to prospective buyers to continue to grow the usage of our platform. In doing so, we compete for both supply and
demand with larger, well-established companies that may have technological or other advantages stemming from their broader experience in the market.
We must continue to adapt and improve our technology to compete effectively, and customers have not always embraced our offerings due to various
factors, including switching costs from moving away from pre-existing technology integrations, such as already implemented header bidding wrappers, and
lack of awareness of our omnichannel offerings. Although we believe we provide superior transparency and accountability to such competitors, certain
customers may make technological or financial demands that we are unable or unwilling to meet. These and other factors may make it difficult for us to
increase our business with our publishers and buyers, cause some buyers to reduce their spending with us, or increase our costs of doing business, which
could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We generally do not have minimum commitments from publishers. As a result, the amount, quality, and cost of ad impressions available to us can
change at any time with little or no prior notice, and we cannot assure you that we will have access to a consistent volume or quality of ad impressions at a
reasonable cost, or at all. We depend upon a relatively small number of premium publishers and channel partners and expect to continue to do so for the
foreseeable future. To support our continued growth, we seek to add additional publishers and buyers to our platform and to expand current utilization with
our existing publishers and buyers. Any disruptions in our relationships with premium publishers, buyers, or our largest channel partners could adversely
affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If we cannot retain or add individual publishers with valuable ad impressions, or if such
publishers decide not to make their valuable ad impressions available to us, then our buyers may be less inclined to use our platform, which could adversely
affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
14
Table of Contents
A limited number of large demand side platforms (“DSPs”) – The Trade Desk and Google DV360 in particular – account for a significant portion of
the ad impressions purchased on our platform. We depend upon these DSPs for a large percentage of impressions purchased and expect to do so for the
foreseeable future. We have no minimum commitments from buyers to spend on our platform, so the amount of demand available to us can change at any
time with little or no prior notice, and we cannot provide assurance that we will have access to a consistent volume or quality of ad campaigns or demand
for our ad impressions at a reasonable price, or at all. Any disruptions in our relationships with DSPs, agencies, advertisers, or buyers could adversely
affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If a buyer or group of buyers representing a significant portion of the demand in our
marketplace decides to materially reduce use of our platform, it could cause an immediate and significant decline in our revenue and profitability and
adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, our business results, including revenues, may be impacted by
changes in their pricing strategies, bidding algorithms, or go-to-market efforts.
Historically, our buyers have predominantly used our platform to purchase mobile, display, and video advertising inventory from our publishers. We
expect that these will continue to be significant channels used by our customers for digital advertising in the future. We also believe that our revenue
growth may depend on our ability to expand within mobile, video, and in particular, CTV, and we are continuing to enhance such channels. We believe our
ability to incorporate Artificial Intelligence, or “AI”, and specifically agentic AI, into our new and existing products will also be a key factor to encourage
expanded use of our platform. We may not be able to accurately predict changes in overall advertiser demand for the channels in which we operate and
cannot assure you that our investment in formats will correspond to any such changes or shifts in demand. Any decrease in the use of mobile, display, and
video advertising, whether due to customers losing confidence in the value or effectiveness of such channels, regulatory restrictions or other causes, or any
inability to further penetrate CTV or enter new and emerging advertising channels, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.
Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly and may not meet our expectations or those of securities analysts and investors.
We operate in an evolving industry with ever-changing customer needs and behavior, and, as a result, our business has evolved over time such that our
operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and future prospects. Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and future results of
operations are likely to fluctuate as well. Although we have experienced periods of prolonged revenue growth, we may not be able to sustain a consistent
growth rate, current revenue levels, or profitability. In addition, because our business is evolving, our historical results of operations may be of limited
utility in assessing our future prospects. We expect to face challenges, risks, and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly
developing industries, including those relating to:
• changes in demand and pricing for ad impressions sold on our platform;
• changes in our access to valuable ad impressions from publishers;
• responding to evolving industry standards and government regulations that impact our business, particularly in the areas of data protection and
consumer privacy;
• developing, maintaining, and expanding relationships with publishers, DSPs, agencies, advertisers, and buyers;
• seasonality in our business;
• changes in demand due to real or perceived economic stagnation or recession in certain markets;
• innovating and developing new solutions that are adopted by and meet the needs of publishers, DSPs, agencies, advertisers, and buyers;
• competing against companies with a larger customer base or greater financial or technical resources;
• changes in the structure of the buying and selling of ad impressions;
• changes in demand for certain formats of ad impressions;
• changes in the pricing policies of publishers and competitors;
• changes in the bidding behavior of buyers of ad impressions;
• changes in demand due to changes in macroeconomic environment, including as a result of an economic downturn, recession, inflation, volatility
in interest rates or foreign exchange rates, disruptions to supply chains, disruptions to global trade, or otherwise;
15
Table of Contents
• further expanding our business internationally; and
• recruiting, integrating, and retaining qualified and motivated employees, particularly engineers.
Any one or more of the factors above may result in significant fluctuations in our results of operations. Past results should not be relied upon as an
indicator of our future performance.
Because many of our expenses are based upon forecasted demand and may be difficult to reduce in the short term, volatility in quarterly revenue could
cause significant variations in quarterly results of operations. We may not forecast our revenue or expenses accurately, causing our results of operations to
diverge from our estimates or the expectations of securities analysts and investors. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other
reasons, the trading price of our Class A common stock could fall, and we could face costly litigation, including securities class action lawsuits.
If we fail to make the right investment decisions in our platform, or if we fail to innovate and develop new solutions that are adopted by customers, we
may not attract and retain customers, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We face intense competition in the marketplace and are confronted by rapidly changing technology and artificial intelligence, evolving industry
standards and consumer preferences, regulatory changes, and the frequent introduction of new solutions by our competitors that we must adapt and respond
to. The pace of technological disruption in digital advertising is accelerating, and our ability to keep pace with or stay ahead of these changes is critical to
our competitive position. We need to continuously update our platform and the technology we invest in and develop, including our machine learning and
other proprietary algorithms, in order to attract customers and keep ahead of changes in technology, evolving industry standards and a rapidly changing
regulatory environment.
Our platform is complex and new solutions can require a significant investment of time and resources to develop, test, introduce, and enhance. These
activities can take longer than we expect and may require the hiring of employees or contractors with new skill sets, which we may not be able to do in a
cost-effective manner or at all. In an environment where competitors and market expectations move quickly, delays in product development or feature
delivery, or missteps in product launches, can have outsized negative effects that compound over time as customers shift spend to alternative platforms.
Moreover, we may not make the right decisions regarding these investments, and new product or feature launches may fail to meet partner
expectations, resulting in reduced adoption, loss of customer confidence, and adverse impact on our results. For example, we have launched Activate and
Commerce Media products to address evolving market opportunities. Additionally, newer formats and channels, such as mobile header bidding and CTV,
present unique challenges that we must address to succeed. Our success in new formats and channels depends upon our ability to integrate our platform
with these new formats and channels. If we fall behind in this rapidly evolving environment, the effects may be difficult to reverse, as customers,
publishers, and buyers may establish relationships with competitors that are challenging to displace. If our mobile, video, or CTV solutions are not widely
adopted by publishers and buyers, we may not retain such publishers and buyers. In addition, new demands from customers, superior offerings by
competitors, changes in technology or format, or new industry standards or regulatory requirements could render our platform or our existing solutions less
effective and require us to make unanticipated changes to our platform or business model. Our failure to adapt to a rapidly changing market and regulatory
environment, anticipate demand, or attract and retain customers would cause our revenue or revenue growth rate to decline, and adversely affect our
business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our increasing reliance on artificial intelligence to operate our platform and differentiate our offerings creates new operational, competitive, and
execution risks that may be difficult to predict or manage.
Our business has evolved from a traditional programmatic advertising exchange toward an AI-powered platform in which machine learning
algorithms, generative AI, and agentic workflows are increasingly embedded in our core operations and commercial offerings. We describe ourselves as an
“AI-powered advertising technology company” and have made AI a central element of our competitive positioning and growth strategy. Our AI capabilities
now influence or automate a range of functions that affect customer outcomes, including real-time bid pricing, yield optimization through products such as
Intelligent Yield, fraud detection, traffic shaping, demand allocation, and the planning and activation workflows available through our buyer and publisher
platforms. While our revenue is not yet heavily dependent on AI-specific products, we expect AI to become an increasingly material contributor to our
platform's value proposition, competitive differentiation, and revenue over time.
16
Table of Contents
As AI becomes more deeply embedded in our operations, errors, underperformance, or unintended behavior in our AI systems could directly reduce
publisher yields, misallocate advertiser spend, or degrade auction efficiency, any of which could damage customer relationships and reduce platform
utilization. Because AI model performance depends on the volume, quality, and diversity of the data on which models are trained, any reduction in the data
available to us, whether due to privacy regulations, customer restrictions on data sharing, or competitive dynamics, could degrade the effectiveness of our
AI capabilities relative to competitors with larger or more proprietary data sets. If our AI capabilities fail to deliver the performance improvements we and
our customers expect, or if we are unable to develop and deploy AI-driven features at the pace required to remain competitive, customers may choose
alternative platforms, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our investments in AI may not produce the competitive advantages we expect. We have committed meaningful engineering and infrastructure
resources to AI product development, including Intelligent Yield, AI Insights, and agentic workflow capabilities. These investments may not achieve the
adoption, performance, or margin contribution we anticipate, and may divert resources from other product development priorities that could have generated
more immediate returns. The transition from a primarily transaction-processing business model to one in which AI-powered capabilities are a principal
driver of competitive differentiation also introduces operational complexity and execution risk. Maintaining, updating, and scaling AI models requires
specialized engineering talent and infrastructure capabilities, including access to GPU and other accelerated computing resources that are subject to market
constraints and rising demand across industries. Our historical operating results, which were generated in a period when our business was primarily defined
by programmatic header bidding and auction exchange services, may be of limited value in predicting our future performance as AI-driven products and
workflows become a larger component of our business.
If we are unable to develop, deploy, and maintain AI capabilities that meet the evolving expectations of publishers and buyers, our business, results of
operations, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
The adoption of artificial intelligence by our customers, competitors, and other market participants may alter the competitive dynamics of the digital
advertising ecosystem in ways that reduce demand for our platform or diminish our competitive position.
AI-driven platforms operated by large technology companies with closed ecosystems, extensive first-party data, and direct consumer relationships may
capture an increasing share of advertising spend by offering AI-powered targeting, optimization, and measurement capabilities that reduce advertiser
reliance on the open internet. AI-powered “zero-click” discovery environments and conversational assistants may reduce the volume of traditional web
traffic and referral-based content consumption that currently supports programmatic advertising. If consumer engagement increasingly shifts to AI
mediated surfaces that do not generate conventional ad impressions or that operate outside of established programmatic transaction models, the addressable
market for our platform could contract. These dynamics could disproportionately affect independent sell-side platforms like ours that depend on the health
of the open internet advertising ecosystem.
The anticipated emergence of agentic buying, in which advertisers and agencies deploy AI agents to plan, negotiate, and execute media purchases with
reduced human oversight, may also disrupt established demand patterns over time. While adoption of agentic buying remains in early stages across the
industry, and we are actively investing in capabilities and industry standards to support it, including contributing to the development of the IAB Tech Lab’s
Ad Creative Protocol (“AdCP”), there is no assurance that these efforts will position us favorably as AI-driven buying matures. AI buying agents, once
widely deployed, may optimize spend toward platforms or inventory sources that offer the lowest cost or highest predicted performance, which could
increase pricing pressure and diminish the value of our existing customer relationships and SPO agreements. These agents may prioritize direct publisher
integrations, closed-loop measurement environments, or alternative transaction protocols over traditional SSP intermediation. The standards governing
agent-based advertising transactions are still being defined and may evolve in ways that do not favor our platform architecture or business model.
Publishers, buyers, and other participants in the digital advertising supply chain are also independently developing and deploying their own AI
capabilities. Publishers may use AI to optimize yield, manage demand relationships, or execute transactions without intermediaries, reducing their reliance
on our platform. Buyers may develop proprietary AI-driven media planning and execution tools that bypass sell-side platforms or that concentrate spend
with a smaller number of preferred partners. Competitors with greater financial or technical resources, or with access to larger proprietary data sets, may
deploy AI capabilities that are superior to ours or that achieve greater market adoption. New market entrants that build AI-native advertising platforms
from the ground up, unburdened by legacy infrastructure or business models, may be able to compete effectively against established platforms like ours. If
these trends accelerate and we are unable to position our platform as a preferred destination for AI-driven media execution, our market share, revenue, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.
17
Table of Contents
If AI-driven changes in the competitive environment reduce the relevance of, or demand for, independent sell-side platforms, our business, results of
operations, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
We must scale our platform infrastructure to support anticipated growth and transaction volume. If we fail to do so, or doing so becomes too costly, we
may limit our ability to process ad impressions, and we may lose revenue.
Our business depends on processing advertising impressions in milliseconds, and we must handle an increasingly large volume of such transactions.
The demands on our platform infrastructure have increased over time due to, among other factors, the addition of new solutions, such as our Activate or
Commerce Media offerings, the need to support evolving advertising formats, the handling and increased use of large amounts of data, support of AI
enabled offerings, and overall growth in impressions. Expanding our platform infrastructure and the number of ad impressions we can process requires
resource commitment over a period of months or years, and we may not be able to scale quickly or efficiently enough if demand increases rapidly as short
term solutions may be too costly or unavailable. The increasing use of AI by consumers and businesses has also increased the cost to grow our
infrastructure and secure colocation services on financially beneficial terms. If we are unable to grow our platform to support substantial increases in the
number of transactions and in the amount of data we process, on a high-performance, cost-effective basis, or we are slow in growing our infrastructure
compared to demand, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We expect to continue to invest in our
platform in order to meet these requirements, and that investment could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Additionally, if we overestimate future usage of our platform, we may incur expense in adding infrastructure without a commensurate increase in revenue,
which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our efforts to provide new or expanded offerings may not be successful, or we may not be able to scale our offerings to meet demand in a timely
manner, and, as a result, we may not realize a return from our investments.
We believe there is significant and growing demand for our offerings and those we are developing, and we are making significant investments to meet
that demand and grow our market share, including through the use of AI. That demand may not materialize and, even if it does, we may not be able to take
advantage of that increased demand if we cannot scale our offerings in a timely manner or if the demand for one of our offerings cannibalizes the demand
for another product we offer. In some cases, we have experienced fee pressure as we have built out our offerings, and we expect this fee pressure to
increase as more competitors, including new entrants as well as publishers themselves, build their own technology and infrastructure to enter the markets in
which we do business. Even if the market for these offerings develops as we anticipate, publishers and buyers might not embrace our offerings to the
degree we expect due to various factors such as inertia from usage of existing implementations of competitive products or technological advances by our
competitors. While continued investment in and use of our products has allowed us to achieve efficiencies, the investment cost to gain such efficiencies
may grow over time, especially with our existing products which may be closer to technical and economic maturity, and the potential expansion of our
business or offerings may increase regulatory scrutiny of our company. Additionally, even if publishers and buyers embrace our new or expanded offerings,
the positive effect of these new or expanded offerings on our results of operations may be offset or negated if such adoption cannibalizes business from our
existing solutions, if we are unable to scale our offerings to keep up with demand, if we are unable to hire or retain personnel with the requisite skills and
experience related to our new or expanded offerings, if publishers and buyers prefer similar offerings from our competitors, or by other adverse
developments.
Our litigation with Google LLC presents several risks to our business that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition.
On September 8, 2025, we filed a lawsuit against Google LLC ("Google"), seeking damages and injunctive relief in connection with Google's alleged
anticompetitive behavior in the publisher ad server and ad exchange markets for open-web display (the "Google Lawsuit"). The Google Lawsuit followed
an April 2025 ruling in a case brought against Google by the U.S. Department of Justice, where the U.S. District Court found that Google engaged in
anticompetitive and monopolistic behavior in certain digital advertising markets.
Google is a significant participant in the digital advertising ecosystem and both a major partner and competitor to PubMatic. A material portion of our
revenue is generated through our relationship with Google and the Google DV360 DSP. The Google Lawsuit is in its early stages, and the outcome and
timing of the Google Lawsuit is uncertain and difficult to predict.
The Google Lawsuit presents several risks to our business, including the potential for retaliatory actions by Google. Such actions could include, but are
not limited to, altering our access to their platforms, seeking to modify commercial terms between PubMatic and Google in a manner unfavorable to us,
deprioritizing our services or offerings, or otherwise using their market position to negatively impact our operations. Any such actions could disrupt our
ability to serve our customers and partners, reduce our revenue, and harm our relationships with publishers and advertisers.
18
Table of Contents
The Google Lawsuit may be costly, protracted, and divert management's attention and resources from our business operations. Any damages awarded
may not be commensurate with our expectations, and we may not receive any monetary damages at all. The injunctive relief sought in the Google Lawsuit
may not be granted, or may not be granted to the extent we have requested or in a manner that adequately protects us in the future. The existence of the
Google Lawsuit and any potential retaliatory measures could also negatively affect our reputation and our ability to compete, potentially causing our
business, financial condition, and results of operations to be materially and adversely affected.
Risk Related to Data Collection and the Use of Collected Data
The rejection of targeted advertising by consumers, through opt-in, opt-out or ad-blocking technologies or other means or the restriction on the use of
third party-cookies, mobile advertising identifiers or other tracking technologies, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and
financial condition.
We use “cookies,” or small text files placed on consumer devices when an Internet browser is used, as well as mobile advertising identifiers, and other
permitted tracking or contextual signals to gather data that enables our platform to better serve our customers. These signals do not identify consumers
directly, but allow for our customers to provide us insight into factors , such as ad exposure, engagement, device characteristics, approximate location, and
usage patterns that are used to improve relevance, measurement, and pricing efficiency. Publishers, buyers, third-party data providers, and partners may
also choose to share their information about consumers’ interests or give us permission to use their cookies and mobile advertising identifiers. We then use
this data to help advertisers decide whether to bid on, and how to price, an ad impression in a certain location, at a given time, for a particular consumer.
Without cookies, mobile advertising identifiers, and other tracking technology data, transactions processed through our platform would be executed
with less insight into consumer preferences, reducing the precision of advertisers' decisions about which impressions to purchase for an advertising
campaign. This could make advertising through our platform less valuable and decrease our revenue as advertising budgets may be decreased or directed to
alternatives that are not exclusively reliant on cookies, mobile advertising identifiers, and other tracking technology data, or favor platforms that rely more
heavily on first-party data, authenticated users, or closed ecosystems. If our ability to use cookies, mobile advertising identifiers or other tracking
technologies is limited as a result of consumers rejecting targeted advertising, we may be required to develop or obtain additional applications and
technologies to compensate for the lack of cookies, mobile advertising identifiers and other tracking technology data, which may not be available to us or
could be time consuming or costly to develop, less effective than current services, and subject to additional regulation.
Additionally, consumers can, with increasing ease, implement technologies that limit our ability to collect and use data to deliver targeted
advertisements or otherwise limit the effectiveness of our platform. Cookies may be deleted or blocked by consumers. The most commonly used Internet
browsers allow consumers to modify their browser settings to block first-party cookies (placed directly by the publisher or website owner that the consumer
intends to interact with) or third-party cookies (placed by parties, like us, that have no direct relationship with the consumer), and some browsers block
third-party cookies by default, or implement browser-level or operating system level privacy controls (including global privacy control or similar
mechanisms) that may restrict data collection or use, as a result of changes to a growing list of US state privacy laws.
Some consumers also download “ad blocking” software on their computers or mobile devices, not only for privacy reasons, but also to counteract the
adverse effect advertisements can have on the consumer experience, including increased load times, data consumption, and screen overcrowding. Ad
blocking technologies and other global privacy controls may prevent some third-party cookies, or other tracking technologies, from being stored on a
consumer's computer or mobile device. If more consumers adopt these measures, or more regulators mandate the use of specific controls, it could reduce
the volume or effectiveness and value of targeted advertising, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In
addition, some ad blocking technologies block only ads that are targeted through use of third-party data, while allowing ads based on first-party data (i.e.,
data owned by the publisher). These ad blockers could place us at a disadvantage relative to competitors with extensive first-party data assets, including
companies that operate consumer-facing platforms. Even if ad blockers do not ultimately have an adverse effect on our business, investor concerns about ad
blockers could cause our stock price to decline.
In mobile environments, advertising identifiers are governed by operating system‑level permission frameworks, and platform providers may modify or
further restrict identifier access at their discretion. In emerging AI‑driven and “zero‑click” discovery environments, advertising may be delivered or
measured through new mechanisms that reduce traditional referral traffic, alter attribution models, or require new forms of consent and governance. If we
are unable to adapt our platform, measurement, and data‑governance capabilities to these evolving environments, our business, financial performance, and
growth prospects could be adversely affected.
19
Table of Contents
The continued restriction, reduced utility, or future deprecation of tracking technologies, or the potential development of proprietary or closed
alternatives to cookies, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Some prominent technology companies, including Google, previously announced intentions to discontinue the use of third-party cookies, and to
develop alternative methods and mechanisms for targeting advertisements, though the expected timeline for such changes is difficult to predict and has
changed over time. While Google announced in July 2024 that it was discontinuing plans to phase out cookies in its Chrome browser, large technology
platforms and other market participants continue to invest in, promote, and expand the use of alternative identity solutions, including deterministic
identifiers, proprietary identity graphs, and authenticated user‑based tracking methods. These approaches may rely on login credentials, first‑party data
collected across multiple owned properties, or closed technical systems that enable tracking and targeting outside of traditional cookie‑based mechanisms,
including across devices and environments.
Additionally, some companies may build different and potentially proprietary consumer tracking methods into their widely used web browsers, which
we may not be able to effectively use for our publishers and buyers. Such proprietary methods may favor closed or vertically integrated ecosystems, limit
interoperability, or restrict independent ad-tech providers’ access to data or functionality, which could reduce demand for our services. Many applications
and other content creators also allow consumers to avoid receiving advertisements by paying for subscriptions or other downloads. Although we believe
our platform is well-positioned to adapt and continue to provide key data insights to our publishers without cookies, this transition could be more
disruptive, slower, or more expensive than we currently anticipate, or publishers and buyers could elect to move a larger proportion of their advertising
inventory or spend to these providers to take advantage of proprietary consumer tracking methods, any of which could materially affect our ability to serve
our customers, publishers, and buyers, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
Our business depends on the lawful availability and utility of data signals used to enable advertising transactions, support analytics, optimization, and
automation features, including those incorporating machine-learning or artificial-intelligence-based functionality, and any limitations on our ability to
collect, process, or share such data could diminish the value of our platform and our financial results.
As we process transactions through our platform, we collect large amounts of data about advertisements and where they are placed, such as advertiser
and publisher preferences for media and advertising content. We also collect data on ad specifications such as placement, size and format, ad pricing, and
auction activity such as price floors, bid response behavior, and clearing prices. Further, we collect data on consumers that does not directly identify the
individual, but includes pseudonymous identifiers and data regarding browser, device location and characteristics, online browsing behavior, exposure to
and interaction with advertisements, and inferential data about purchase intentions, and preferences. We collect this data through various means, including
from our own systems, pixels that publishers allow us to place on their websites to track consumer visits, software development kits installed in mobile
applications, cookies, and other tracking technologies. Our publishers, buyers, and data providers may also choose to provide us with their proprietary data
about consumers.
The collection, use, and sharing of these data signals are subject to an increasingly complex and fragmented global regulatory environment, as well as
evolving technical and policy restrictions imposed by browsers, operating systems, and other platform providers. Regulatory developments, enforcement
actions, private litigation, platform policy changes, or increased exercise of consumer privacy controls may restrict the types of data that may be collected,
the purposes for which data may be used, the duration for which data may be retained, or the parties with whom data may be shared.
Our ability to collect, use and share data about advertising transactions and consumer behavior is critical to the value of our services. Internet users
can, with increasing ease, implement practices or technologies that may limit our ability to collect and use data to deliver targeted advertisements, or
otherwise inhibit the effectiveness of our platform. Although our publishers and buyers generally permit us to aggregate and use data from advertising
placements, subject to certain restrictions, publishers or buyers might decide to restrict our collection or use of their data based on their own regulatory,
commercial, or risk considerations. Any limitations on this ability could impair our ability to deliver effective solutions, which could adversely affect our
business, results of operations, and financial condition.
20
Table of Contents
If publishers, buyers, and data providers do not obtain necessary and requisite consents from consumers for us to process their personal data, we could
be subject to fines and liability.
Because we do not generally have direct relationships with consumers, we rely on publishers, buyers, and data providers, as applicable, to obtain the
consent of the consumer on our behalf to process their data and deliver interest-based advertisements, and to implement any notice or choice mechanisms
required under applicable laws. Our reliance on third parties for consent and notice creates inherent compliance risk, including situations where regulatory
authorities or plaintiffs seek to impose liability on multiple participants in the advertising supply chain regardless of contractual allocations of
responsibility. If publishers, buyers, or data providers do not follow the applicable requirements and processes or otherwise fail to secure any legally
required consents or provide required notice and choice mechanisms, which can be difficult given the rapidly evolving regulatory consent frameworks
being promulgated, we could be subject to fines and liability. Additionally, if our data, privacy, or consent practices are found to be inadequate, or we make
errors in the deployment of existing and future policies or technical safeguards, we may be subject to regulatory enforcement action or named in class
action lawsuits. We may not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnity arrangements to protect us against any such fines, penalties, claims, and
losses.
Privacy-related class-action litigation poses increasing financial and operational risk.
The advertising technology industry has experienced a significant increase in privacy‑related class‑action litigation in recent years, and the focus of
these claims has shifted from consumer‑facing publishers to intermediaries within the digital advertising supply chain. Plaintiff counsel have increasingly
pursued novel and expansive legal theories alleging improper data collection, use, or sharing by intermediaries, often seeking to impose liability based on
the operation of complex programmatic advertising systems rather than direct relationships with end users.
Claims may involve allegations relating to consent, transparency, data sharing practices, or the use of identifiers and tracking technologies across web,
mobile, CTV, or other environments. Even where such claims lack merit, class‑action litigation is inherently costly, time‑consuming, and unpredictable,
and may require substantial management attention, diversion of internal resources, and significant legal expense over extended periods of time.
The outcomes of privacy‑related class actions are uncertain and may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, or injunctive relief that
could require changes to our products, data‑processing practices, or business operations. In addition, defending against such litigation may necessitate
increased investment in compliance infrastructure, documentation, discovery processes, and external advisors, which could increase operating costs and
negatively impact margins.
Privacy‑related litigation may also have broader consequences beyond direct financial exposure. Public allegations of non‑compliance, even if
ultimately unfounded, could damage our reputation with publishers, buyers, regulators, and partners, reduce trust in our platform, and negatively affect our
ability to attract or retain customers. Increased litigation risk may also cause publishers, buyers, or data partners to restrict or reconsider their participation
in our marketplace, limit data sharing, or impose additional contractual requirements, which could reduce platform liquidity and revenue opportunities.
Furthermore, the evolving and fragmented nature of privacy regulation increases the likelihood that litigation will continue to be brought under
differing legal standards across jurisdictions. Courts and regulators may adopt interpretations of privacy and data‑protection laws that are inconsistent,
expansive, or difficult to reconcile with existing industry practices. As a result, we may be required to make business decisions or accept certain risks in an
environment where legal standards remain unsettled, and there can be no assurance that our mitigation efforts or defenses will be successful.
If privacy‑related class‑action litigation continues to increase in frequency or severity, or if we are unable to effectively defend against or resolve such
claims, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and long‑term growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
21
Table of Contents
Risk Related to the Advertising Industry and Competition
The digital advertising industry is intensely competitive, and if we do not effectively compete against current and future competitors, our business,
results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
The digital advertising ecosystem is competitive and complex due to a variety of factors. While programmatic header bidding and other digital
advertising has enabled the purchasing and selling of vast amounts of digital advertising inventory, there are significant challenges related to proliferation
of media across platforms, including maintaining competitive transaction speed, increased costs, transparency, and evolving regulatory requirements. To
address these issues at scale for both buyers and sellers, we provide specialized software and hardware infrastructure to optimally power technology-driven
transactions. To successfully grow our business, we compete with a range of SSPs, including large, publicly-traded SSPs and smaller private SSPs in
markets around the world, as well as divisions of larger companies like Google.
Some of our competitors have greater financial, technical, sales, and marketing resources, longer operating histories, and greater name recognition. In
addition, some competitors, particularly those with greater scale or a more diversified revenue base and a broader offering, have greater flexibility than we
do to compete aggressively on the basis of price and other contract terms, or to compete with us by including in their product offerings services that we
may not be able to provide. Competitors that are larger or more well-funded than our Company may be able to invest greater resources than we can in
technological development and innovation, particularly in the area of AI where investments can be capital intensive without a guarantee of a return on the
investment. Some of our competitors may also choose to sell products or services competitive to ours at lower prices by accepting lower margins and
profitability, or they may be able to sell competitive products or services at lower prices given proprietary ownership of data, technical superiority, or
economies of scale. The introduction of competitive products, pricing strategies, or other technologies by our competitors that are superior to or that
achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services could adversely affect our business.
We experience requests from publishers and buyers for discounts, fee concessions, rebates, refunds, and greater levels of pricing transparency, in some
cases as a condition to maintain the relationship or to increase the amount of advertising spend that the buyer sends to our platform. In addition, we may
decide to offer discounts or other pricing concessions in order to attract more inventory or demand, or to compete effectively with other providers that have
different or lower pricing structures and may be able to undercut our pricing due to greater scale or other factors. Our revenue, take rate, business, results of
operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if we cannot maintain and grow our revenue and profitability through volume increases that
compensate for any price reductions, or if we are forced to make significant fee concessions, rebates, or refunds.
Some of our competitors are also able or willing to agree to contract terms that expose them to risks that might be more appropriately allocated to
publishers or buyers (including inventory risk and the risk of having to pay publishers for unsold advertising impressions, among others), and in order to
compete effectively we might need to accommodate risks that could be costly to manage or insure against. Some existing and potential buyers have their
own relationships with publishers or are seeking to establish such relationships, and many publishers are investing in capabilities that enable them to
connect more effectively directly with buyers. Our business suffers when publishers and buyers purchase and sell advertising inventory directly from one
another or through other intermediaries other than us, reducing the amount of advertising spend on our platform. If we are unable to compete effectively for
publishers’ ad impressions and buyer’s advertising spend, we could experience a decline in market share and revenues and be forced to reduce our prices,
resulting in lower profit margins for us. Loss of existing or future market share to new competitors and increased price competition could substantially
harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
There has also been rapid evolution and consolidation in the advertising technology industry, and we expect these trends to continue, increasing the
capabilities and competitive posture of larger companies, particularly those that already are dominant or have a greater market share than us, and enabling
new or stronger competitors to emerge. Many publishers and buyers are large, consolidated organizations that may need to acquire other companies in order
to grow. Smaller publishers and buyers may need to consolidate to compete effectively. There is a finite number of large publishers and buyers in our target
markets, and any consolidation of publishers or buyers may give the resulting enterprises greater bargaining power or result in the loss of publishers and
buyers that use our platform, reducing our potential base of publishers and buyers, each of which would lead to erosion of our revenue and financial
condition.
22
Table of Contents
Market pressure may reduce our revenues.
Our revenue can be affected by market changes, new demands by publishers and buyers, new solutions, and competitive pressure. Our solutions may
be priced too high or too low, or our pricing approaches may not be accepted, any of which may carry adverse consequences to our business and results of
operations. We may receive requests from publishers for discounts, fee revisions, rebates, and refunds, or from DSPs, agencies and advertisers for volume
discounts, fee revisions, and rebates. Any of these pressures from publishers or buyers can adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.
Seasonal fluctuations or market changes in digital advertising activity could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.
Our revenue, net cash provided by operating activities, results of operations, and other key operating and performance metrics vary from quarter to
quarter due to the seasonal nature of digital advertising spending. For example, digital advertisers historically tend to devote a large portion of their budgets
to campaigns in the fourth quarter of the year, to coincide with consumer holiday spending, and then have a significantly smaller advertising budget in the
first calendar quarter. Pricing of digital ad impressions in the fourth quarter is likely to be higher due to increased demand. The degree of seasonality in
digital advertising spending can vary and be difficult to predict on a year-to-year or quarter-to-quarter basis. In addition, adverse economic conditions,
inflation, changes in foreign exchange rates or interest rates, international trade tensions, or general economic uncertainty may cause advertisers to decrease
purchases of digital ad impressions, adversely affecting our business, results of operation and financial condition. A decline in the market for programmatic
advertising or the failure of that market to grow as expected could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
If changes in ad formats, delivery mechanisms, or platform policies prevent advertisements from being delivered to consumers, our business, results of
operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
Our success depends upon the ability of our platform to provide advertising for a variety of digital devices, the major operating systems or Internet
browsers that run on them, and the thousands of applications that are downloaded onto them. The design of digital devices and operating systems or
browsers is controlled by third parties that may also introduce new devices and operating systems or modify existing ones, including by implementing
technical, contractual, or policy-based restrictions on advertising, data access, or interoperability, and our access to content on certain devices may be
limited. If our platform cannot operate effectively with popular devices, operating systems, or Internet browsers, including, for example, as a result of
Google’s deactivation of cookies or other similar events, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. as a result
of browser- or operating system-level privacy controls, restrictions on identifiers, limitations on APIs, or other platform policy changes, our business,
results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
Risks Related to our Operations
If we fail to detect or prevent fraud on our platform, or malware intrusion into the systems or devices of our publishers and their consumers, publishers
could lose confidence in our platform, and we could face legal claims.
We may be subject to fraudulent or malicious activities undertaken by persons seeking to use our platform for improper purposes. For example,
someone may attempt to divert or artificially inflate advertiser purchases through our platform, or to disrupt or divert the operation of our systems and the
devices of our publishers and their consumers in order to misappropriate information, generate fraudulent billings, stage cyberattacks, or for other illicit
purposes. For example, sophisticated bot-nets and other complex forms of click fraud might be used to generate fraudulent impressions and divert
advertising revenue from legitimate websites of publishers. Those activities could also introduce malware through our platform to commandeer or gain
access to information on consumers’ computers. We use third-party tools and proprietary technology to identify non-human traffic and malware, and we
may reduce or terminate relationships with publishers that we find to be engaging in such activities. Although we continuously assess the quality and
performance of advertising on publishers’ digital media properties, it may be difficult to detect fraudulent or malicious activity quickly or at all. Further,
perpetrators of fraudulent impressions and malware frequently change their tactics and can become more sophisticated over time, requiring both us and
third parties to improve processes for assessing the quality of publisher inventory and controlling fraudulent activity. If we fail to timely detect or prevent
fraudulent or malicious activity of this sort, our reputation could be damaged, publishers may contest payment, demand refunds, or fail to give us future
business, or we could face legal claims. Even if we are not directly involved in fraud or malicious activity, any sustained failures of others in our industry to
adequately detect and prevent fraud could generate the perception that programmatic advertising is unsafe and lead our publishers to avoid programmatic
advertising.
23
Table of Contents
Our success depends on our ability to retain key members of our management team, and on our ability to hire, train, retain, and motivate new
employees.
Our success depends upon the continued service of members of our senior management team and other key employees. Our Co-Founder and Chief
Executive Officer, Rajeev K. Goel, is critical to our overall management, as well as the continued development of our platform and relationships with
publishers, DSPs, and agencies, and our strategic direction. Our success also depends on our ability to hire, train, retain, and motivate new employees that
align with our corporate culture that has fostered innovation, creativity, and teamwork across our business. Competition for employees in our industry can
be intense, and we compete for experienced personnel with many companies that have greater resources than we have. Further, as our business grows and
we introduce new offerings, we may need to hire employees with skills and experience that we have not historically required. This is especially true as our
business increases focus and resources on emerging revenue streams or other offerings that were not historically a material part of our business. The market
for talent in our key areas of operations, especially in engineering, and competition for qualified personnel is particularly intense in the San Francisco Bay
Area, Pune, India, and New York, where we maintain offices. As we expand and evolve, in particular across multiple geographies or following acquisitions,
it may be difficult to preserve our corporate culture, which could increase employee turnover or reduce our ability to innovate, create, and operate
effectively.
We are subject to payment-related risks if DSP buyers dispute or do not pay their invoices, and if DSPs file for bankruptcy protection or there are any
decreases in payments, it could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We generate revenue primarily through revenue share agreements with our publishers. We invoice DSPs and collect the full purchase price for the
digital ad impressions they purchase, retain our fees, and remit the balance to the publisher. However, in some cases, we are required to pay publishers for
digital ad impressions delivered even if we are unable to collect from the buyer that purchased the digital ad impressions. In the past, certain buyers have
sought to slow their payments to us or have filed for bankruptcy protection, resulting in us not receiving payment. These challenges may be exacerbated by
the overall market and economic volatility, inflation, changes in foreign exchange rates or interest rates, disruptions to supply chains, pandemics, epidemics
or other public health crises, and the resulting economic impacts, as our buyers may experience financial difficulties and liquidity constraints. Some DSPs
have historically carried relatively high debt obligations, and the maturity of that debt or changes in interest rates may negatively impact the liquidity of
those DSPs and their ability to timely pay us. In certain cases, buyers have been unable to timely make payments and we have suffered financial losses,
including in June 2023 when MediaMath declared bankruptcy, which led us to record a bad debt expense of $5.7 million. While our contracts generally do
not contain such exposure, there are certain agreements under which we may be responsible for the whole amount of contracted spending, whether or not
ultimately paid by the buyer.
In addition, a prolonged economic downturn or prolonged period of elevated interest rates may lead additional buyers to slow or default on payments
or in some cases seek bankruptcy protection. We cannot provide assurance that we will not experience bad debt in the future, and write-offs for bad debt
could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition in the periods in which the write-offs occur. If our cash collections are
significantly diminished as a result of these dynamics, our revenue and/or cash flow could be adversely affected, and we may need to use working capital to
fund our accounts payable pending collection from the buyers. This may result in additional costs and cause us to forgo or defer more strategic uses of that
working capital.
24
Table of Contents
Our international operations subject us to additional costs and risks, and our continued international expansion may not be successful.
We have entered into several international markets and we expect to continue to expand our international operations. Further expansion may require
significant management attention and financial resources and may place burdens on our management, administrative, operational, legal, compliance, and
financial infrastructure. The costs and risks inherent in conducting business internationally include, but are not limited to:
• difficulties and costs associated with maintaining effective controls at foreign locations;
• foreign currency fluctuations and controls;
• adapting our platform and solutions to non-U.S. publishers’ preferences and customs;
• regulatory and other delays and difficulties in setting up foreign operations, including difficulties in hiring personnel with skill sets and experience
that match our international expansion efforts;
• compliance with anti-bribery laws and regulations, export and import control and economic sanctions, laws and regulations;
• compliance with foreign data privacy laws;
• compliance with domestic and foreign bulk data transfer laws;
• economic and political instability in some countries, including as a result of the conflict in Ukraine or a resumption of the conflict between Israel
and Palestine;
• trade disputes among countries, and changes in international trade volumes or pricing; and
• compliance with the laws of numerous taxing jurisdictions.
As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks.
These factors and others, and the costs associated with any failure to effectively manage risks and comply with local laws and regulations, could harm our
ability to increase international revenues and, consequently, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our use and reliance upon technology and development resources in India may expose us to unanticipated costs and liabilities, which could affect our
ability to realize cost savings from our operations in India.
Most of our technology and development work is conducted in Pune, India. We cannot assure you that our reliance upon development resources in
India will enable us to achieve meaningful cost reductions or greater resource efficiency. Further, our development efforts and other operations in India
involve significant risks, including, but not limited to:
• difficulty hiring and retaining engineering and management resources due to intense competition for such resources and resulting wage inflation;
• heightened exposure to changes in economic, health, security, and political conditions in India; and
• fluctuations in currency exchange rates and tax compliance in India.
In addition, enforcement of intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in India may not be as effective as in the United States or other
countries. Policing unauthorized use of proprietary technology is difficult and expensive, and we may need to resort to litigation to protect our trade secrets
and confidential information. The experience and capabilities of Indian courts in handling intellectual property litigation vary, and outcomes are
unpredictable. Further, such litigation may require significant expenditures of cash and management efforts and could harm our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.
We expect to continue to rely on significant cost savings obtained by concentrating our technology and development and engineering work in India,
rather than in the United States, but difficulties resulting from the factors noted above and other risks related to our operations in India could increase our
expenses and harm our competitive position. The historical rate of wage inflation has been higher in India than in the United States. Accordingly, it may be
harder in the future to achieve labor-related cost efficiencies that we have historically benefited from. In addition, if the Rupee strengthens against the U.S.
Dollar, our costs would increase. If the cost of technology and development work in India significantly increases or the labor environment in India changes
unfavorably, our cost savings may be diminished. Any such developments could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.
25
Table of Contents
We depend on third-party data centers, the disruption of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We host our company-owned infrastructure at third-party data centers. Any damage to or failure of our systems generally would prevent us from
operating our business. We rely on the Internet and, accordingly, depend upon the continuous, reliable, and secure operation of Internet servers, related
hardware and software, and network infrastructure. While we control and have access to our servers and all of the components of our network that are
located in our external data centers, we do not control the operation or costs of these facilities.
The owners of our data center facilities have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are
unable to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, or if one of our data center operators is acquired, we may be required to transfer our
servers and other infrastructure to new data center facilities, and we may incur significant costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing
so. As the demand for compute power and data center usage grows as a result of AI and other technological advancements, our ability to secure data center
or colocation space at financially reasonable terms may be challenged, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.
Problems faced by our third-party data center operations, with the telecommunications network providers with whom we or they contract, or with the
systems by which our telecommunications providers allocate capacity among their customers, including us, could adversely affect the experience of
publishers on our platform. Additionally, improving our platform’s infrastructure and expanding its capacity in anticipation of growth in new channels and
formats, as well as implementing technological enhancements to our platform to improve its efficiency and cost-effectiveness, are key components of our
business strategy, and if our data centers are unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity, this could have an adverse effect on our business.
Increasing data center capacity requires physical plant expansion and the procurement of additional equipment, which can take a year or more to
accomplish. Accordingly, if there is a rapid increase in our need for data center capacity, we may not be able to increase our capacity quickly enough to
meet the needs of publishers or our business, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any changes in
third-party service levels at our data centers or any errors, defects, disruptions, or other performance problems could adversely affect our reputation, expose
us to liability, cause us to lose customers, or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Service interruptions
might reduce our revenue, trigger refunds to publishers, subject us to potential liability, or adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.
The occurrence of a natural disaster, an act of terrorism, vandalism or sabotage, or other unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in
interruptions in the availability of our platform. While we have disaster recovery arrangements in place, they have not been tested under actual disasters or
similar events and may not effectively permit us to continue to provide our products and services in the event of any problems with respect to our data
centers. Moreover, because we do not currently have full redundancy with respect to the services at each data center, if one of our data centers shuts down
there may be a period of time that our products or services, or some of our products or services, will be unavailable to publishers served by that data center.
If any of these events were to occur to our business, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected.
Platform outages or disruptions, including due to cyberattacks or our failure to maintain adequate security and supporting infrastructure, could
adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
As we grow our business, we expect to continue to invest in our platform infrastructure, including hardware and software solutions, network services,
and database technologies, as well as potentially increase our reliance on open source software. Without these improvements, our operations might suffer
from unanticipated system disruptions, slow transaction processing, unreliable service levels, impaired quality, or delays in reporting accurate information
regarding transactions on our platform, any of which could negatively affect our reputation and ability to attract and retain publishers. The steps we take to
enhance the reliability, integrity, and security of our platform as it scales are expensive and complex, and poor execution could result in operational failures.
In addition, cyberattack techniques are constantly evolving and becoming increasingly diverse and sophisticated as attackers deploy AI, and could involve
denial-of-service attacks or other maneuvers that have the effect of disrupting the availability of services on our platform.
Other types of cyberattacks could harm us even if our platform operations are left undisturbed. For example, attacks may be designed to deceive
employees into releasing control of their systems to a hacker, while others may aim to introduce computer viruses or malware into our systems with a view
to stealing confidential or proprietary data. Additionally, we rely on third party software providers for the delivery of certain of our services and offerings,
and a disruption to those providers, whether an outage, cybersecurity attack, or otherwise, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and
financial condition.
26
Table of Contents
We are also vulnerable to unintentional errors or malicious actions by persons with authorized access to our systems that exceed the scope of their
access rights, distribute data erroneously, or, unintentionally or intentionally, interfere with the intended operations of our platform. Although we maintain
insurance coverage, it may be insufficient to protect us against all losses and costs stemming from security breaches, cyberattacks and other types of
unlawful activity, or any resulting disruptions from such events. Outages and disruptions of our platform, including any caused by cyberattacks, may harm
our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our software platform could be susceptible to errors, defects, or unintended performance problems that could adversely affect our business, results of
operations, and financial condition.
We depend upon the sustained and uninterrupted performance of our platform to operate our business. Software bugs, faulty algorithms, technical or
infrastructure problems, or system updates could lead to an inability to process data to place advertisements or price inventory effectively, or cause
advertisements to display improperly or be placed in proximity to inappropriate content, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations,
and financial condition. These risks are compounded by the complexity of our technology and the large amounts of data we utilize. Because our software is
complex, undetected material defects, errors and failures may occur. Despite testing, errors or bugs in our software may not be found until the software is in
our live operating environment.
For example, changes to our solution have in the past caused errors in the measurements of transactions conducted through our platform, resulting in
disputes raised by publishers. Errors or failures in our offerings, even if caused by the implementation of changes by publishers or partners to their systems,
could also result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our offerings, increased costs or loss of revenue,
or loss of competitive position. As a result, defects or errors in our products or services could harm our reputation, result in significant costs to us, impair
the ability of publishers to sell and for buyers to purchase inventory, and impair our ability to fulfill obligations with publishers and partners. Any
significant interruptions could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our continued business success depends upon our ability to offer high-quality inventory with appropriate viewability capabilities.
We must address quality concerns of both advertisers and publishers. Publishers require ad quality tools that enable granular control over the
characteristics of the ads that run on their ad impressions, including those relating to the advertiser, industry and content for a particular ad. We must also
provide automatic or ad hoc blocking of ads that contain malware or other ads the publisher deems undesirable. Our inventory quality tools must continue
to help publishers demonstrate the value and quality of their ad impressions to DSPs, advertisers, and agencies with automated fraud detection and
viewability reporting. Maintaining and upgrading our capabilities associated with ad quality and inventory quality is complex and costly. Maintaining high
quality inventory may become increasingly difficult with the advent and proliferation of “deep fake” video and other media produced using AI. If we fail to
maintain high quality controls for our publishers and partners, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
In addition, the viewability of ad impressions is important to certain advertisers because it enables them to assess the value of particular ad impressions
as a means to reach a target audience. However, there is no consensus regarding the definition of viewability or the minimum standard viewability
thresholds and metrics that should apply for different ad formats. We cannot predict whether consensus views will emerge, or what they will be.
Incorporating accepted viewability approaches fully into our business as they evolve will require us to incur additional costs to integrate relevant
technologies and process additional information through our platform. In addition, ad impressions that are well differentiated on the basis of viewability
will also typically be differentiated on the basis of value, with those that are less viewable valued lower. In this context, if we are not able to effectively
transact ad impressions with higher viewability and to incorporate appropriate viewability capabilities into our platform, we could be competitively
disadvantaged and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
Future acquisitions or strategic investments could be difficult to identify and integrate, divert the attention of management, and could disrupt our
business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
As part of our growth strategy, we may acquire or invest in other businesses, assets, or technologies that we believe fit within our strategic goals. Any
acquisition or investment may divert the attention of management and require us to use significant amounts of cash, issue dilutive equity securities, or incur
debt. An acquisition or investment may not ultimately bring the anticipated benefits to the Company that we intended or anticipated. Any additional capital
raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities would dilute your stock ownership, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights,
preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock.
27
Table of Contents
Any debt financing we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and
operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential
acquisitions. In addition, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or investment may not be realized, and we may be exposed to unknown risks, any of
which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition, including risks arising from:
• difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, product or service offerings, administrative systems, and personnel of acquired businesses;
• ineffectiveness or incompatibility of acquired technologies or solutions;
• potential loss of key employees of the acquired business;
• inability to maintain key business relationships and reputation of the acquired business;
• litigation arising from the acquisition or the activities of the acquired business;
• failure to generate the expected financial results related to an acquisition in a timely manner or at all;
• failure to accurately forecast the impact of an acquisition; and
• implementation or remediation of effective controls, procedures, and policies for acquired businesses.
Accordingly, any acquisition or investment would be subject to a risk of partial or total loss of invested capital
We rely on customers, publishers, buyers, and partners to abide by contractual requirements and relevant laws, rules, and regulations when using our
platform, and legal claims or enforcement actions resulting from their actions could expose us to liabilities, damage our reputation, and be costly to
defend.
The customers, publishers, buyers, and partners engaging in transactions through our platform impose various requirements upon each other, and they
and the underlying advertisers are subject to regulatory requirements by governments and standards bodies applicable to their activities. We may assume
responsibility for satisfying or facilitating the satisfaction of some of these requirements through the contracts we enter into with customers, publishers,
buyers, and partners. In addition, we may have responsibility for some acts or omissions of customers, publishers, buyers, or partners transacting business
through our platform under applicable laws or regulations or as a result of common law duties, even if we have not assumed responsibility contractually.
These responsibilities could expose us to significant liabilities and we may not have the ability to impose effective mitigating controls upon, or to recover
from, publishers and buyers. Moreover, for those third parties who are both publishers and buyers on our platform, it is feasible that they could use our
platform to buy and sell advertisements in an effort to inflate their own revenue. We could be subject to litigation as a result of such actions, and, if we were
sued, we would incur legal costs in our defense and cannot guarantee that a court would not attribute some liability to us. Regulators, plaintiffs, and class
action litigants may seek to hold multiple participants in the advertising supply chain liable regardless of contractual allocations of responsibility. Even
where we have indemnification rights, recovery may be uncertain if counterparties lack resources to pay or dispute coverage.
We contractually require our customers, publishers, buyers, data providers, and partners to abide by relevant laws, rules and regulations, and
restrictions by their counterparties, when transacting on our platform, and we generally attempt to obtain representations from buyers that the advertising
they place through our platform complies with applicable laws and regulations and does not violate third-party intellectual property rights, and from
publishers about the quality and characteristics of the impressions they provide. We also generally receive representations from publishers, buyers, and data
providers about their privacy practices and compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including their maintenance of adequate privacy policies that
disclose and permit our data collection and transfer practices. Nonetheless, there are many circumstances in which it is difficult or impossible for us to
monitor or evaluate compliance by our publishers, buyers, data providers, and partners. For example, we cannot control the content of publisher’s media
properties, and we are often unable to determine exactly what information a partner collects after an ad has been placed, and how the buyer uses any such
collected information. Moreover, we are unable to prevent DSPs from aggregating bid requests from publishers and directing it to their own buying
platforms or even reselling such bid data to advertisers or third parties.
28
Table of Contents
If publishers, buyers, data providers, or partners fail to abide by relevant laws, rules and regulations, or contractual requirements when transacting over
our platform, or after such a transaction is completed, we could potentially face liability to consumers for such misuse. Potential sources of liability to
consumers include malicious activities, such as the introduction of malware into consumers’ computers through advertisements served through our
platform, and code that redirects consumers to sites other than the ones consumers sought to visit, potentially resulting in malware downloads or use
charges from the redirect site. In such an event, consumers may look to us to recover any alleged damages as a result of publishers’ use of limitations or
disclaimers of liability through their terms of use with consumers. Similarly, if such misconduct results in enforcement action by a regulatory body or other
governmental authority, we could become involved in a potentially time-consuming and costly investigation or we could be subject to litigation or some
form of sanction or penalty. We may not have adequate indemnity to protect us against, and our insurance policies, may not cover, such claims and losses.
We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share
repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and diminish our cash reserves.
In February 2023, our board of directors authorized and approved a program pursuant to which we could repurchase up to $75.0 million in aggregate
of shares of our Class A common stock, with the authorization to expire on December 31, 2024 (the “2023 Repurchase Program”). On February 22, 2024,
our board of directors authorized an increase and extension to the 2023 Repurchase Program from $75.0 million to $175.0 million through December 31,
2025. On May 7, 2025, our board of directors authorized a further increase and extension to the 2023 Repurchase Program, increasing the total amount
authorized for repurchase from $175.0 million to $275.0 million and extending the 2023 Repurchase Program through December 31, 2026 (the “2025
Repurchase Program Extension”). As of December 31, 2025, we have repurchased approximately $181.1 million of our Class A common stock in
aggregate under the 2023 Repurchase Program. Although our board of directors authorized the 2025 Repurchase Program Extension, the program does not
obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares of our Class A common stock. The actual timing and
amount of repurchases remain subject to a variety of factors, including stock price, trading volume, market conditions and other general business
considerations, all of which may be negatively impacted by macroeconomic conditions and factors, including, for example, volatile interest rates, inflation,
and geopolitical uncertainty. The 2023 Repurchase Program may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time, and we cannot guarantee that the 2023
Repurchase Program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. The program could affect the trading price of our Class
A common stock, increase volatility and diminish our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, and any announcement of a termination of this
program may result in a decrease in the trading price of our stock.
Our business is subject to the risk of catastrophic events such as pandemics, earthquakes, flooding, fire, and power outages, and to interruption by
man-made problems such as acts of war and terrorism.
Our business is vulnerable to damage or interruption from pandemics, earthquakes, flooding, fire, power outages, telecommunications failures, terrorist
attacks, acts of war, human errors, break-ins, and similar events. A significant natural disaster could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, and financial condition, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. We have office and data
center facilities located in California, a state known for seismic activity. Significant portions of our development and advertising operations work is located
in Pune, India, which is susceptible to earthquakes and flooding. In addition, economic or political instability or international responses thereto could
adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Furthermore, acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that
have higher population density than rural areas, could cause disruptions in our or our publishers’ and partners’ businesses or the economy as a whole. Our
servers may also be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, denial-of-service attacks, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our
computer systems, which could lead to interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data. We may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in some
circumstances, such as natural disasters affecting California, New York, Virginia, or Pune, India. As we rely heavily on our data center facilities, computer
and communications systems, and the Internet to conduct our business and provide high-quality customer service, these disruptions could negatively impact
our ability to operate our business and either directly or indirectly disrupt publishers’ and partners’ businesses, which could adversely affect our business,
results of operations, and financial condition.
29
Table of Contents
We use artificial intelligence in our business, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in reputational harm, competitive harm, and
legal liability, and adversely affect our results of operations.
We incorporate AI solutions into our development efforts, external product offerings, and optimization capabilities, and these applications and the use
of AI will become more important in our operations over time. We are making significant investments in AI, and we may not be successful in generating
revenue or profit from these efforts. Our ability to develop and deploy AI solutions also depends on our ability to attract and retain employees with
specialized AI expertise, and competition for such talent is intense.
AI-powered features, including our machine learning algorithms for bid optimization, fraud detection, and audience targeting, are important to our
competitive position and our ability to deliver value to publishers and buyers. However, AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face
significant competition from other companies as well as an evolving regulatory landscape. These efforts, including the introduction of new products or
changes to existing products, may result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, ethical concerns, or other complications that
could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, the European Union’s Artificial Intelligence Act, which entered
into force in August 2024 with phased compliance obligations extending through 2027, may classify certain AI-driven advertising technology uses as
subject to transparency, documentation, or conformity assessment requirements, and the scope and application of these obligations to our business remains
uncertain.
Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their products and offerings more quickly or more successfully than us, which could
impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. Our AI-enabled solutions rely on third-party equipment, technology,
and other technical and physical infrastructure, such as processing hardware, network capacity or models, and any limitations, changes, or disruptions
associated with such third-party technologies could adversely affect our ability to develop, deploy, or enhance our AI services. In particular, the integration
of third-party AI models with our products and services relies on certain safeguards implemented by the third-party developers of the underlying AI
models. Our reliance on a limited number of third-party AI model providers creates concentration risk; if such providers experience service disruptions,
materially change their terms or pricing, or discontinue offerings we depend upon, our ability to deliver AI-powered features could be impaired. If the
content, analyses, optimization decisions or recommendations that AI applications assist in producing are or are alleged to be inaccurate, deficient, or
biased, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Additionally, the development of our AI solutions depends on
access to data to effectively train and operate our models, and limitations on our access to data, whether due to cost, availability, regulatory restrictions, or
other factors, could adversely affect the effectiveness of our AI products and solutions.
AI applications generally state they do not use personal data or other classes of protected data, but we may not know the source of data used by an AI
application and may inadvertently incorporate personal information, or data derived from personal data, in the course of using an AI application. The use of
AI applications has resulted in, and may in the future result in, cybersecurity incidents that implicate the sensitive data of customers analyzed within such
applications. Any such cybersecurity incidents related to our use of AI applications for analysis of sensitive data could adversely affect our reputation and
results of operations.
If we include portions of our proprietary information when using AI tools, that information may enter the public domain and we may lose the ability to
protect such proprietary information. AI also presents emerging ethical issues and if our use of AI becomes controversial, we may experience brand or
reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. The rapid evolution of AI, including potential government regulation of AI and its various uses, will
require significant resources to develop, test, and maintain our intelligence cloud platform, offerings, services, and features to help us implement AI
ethically in order to minimize unintended, harmful impact. In addition, inconsistent or evolving AI-related legal and regulatory frameworks across
jurisdictions may require us to incur additional compliance costs and to modify our offerings or operations in certain jurisdictions.
Finally, as AI enabled services become popular across industries, we may find ourselves competing for scarce compute capacity. Demand for
data‑center capacity and related infrastructure has increased significantly, driven in part by the rapid adoption of AI‑driven technologies across industries.
Constraints on the availability, geographic distribution, or cost of such infrastructure—whether due to market conditions, energy availability, regulatory
requirements, or actions by third‑party providers—could limit our ability to scale AI-enabled operations efficiently or maintain performance levels as our
platform grows, which could adversely impact our business or results of operations.
30
Table of Contents
Risks Related to Regulations
We are subject to frequently evolving laws, regulations and industry requirements related to data privacy, data protection, information security, and
consumer protection across the markets we operate in.
We receive, store, and process data about or related to consumers in addition to publisher, buyer, partner, employee, and services provider or vendor
data. Our handling of this data is subject to numerous federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations that are constantly evolving and not always consistent
across jurisdictions. We are also subject to regulation by various governmental authorities in addition to federal and state regulations. Our data handling is
further subject to contractual obligations and may be deemed to be subject to industry standards and trade associations.
The U.S. federal government and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed limitations on the collection, distribution, use, and
storage of data relating to individuals, including the use of contact information, precise geolocation information, and other data for marketing, advertising
and other communications with individuals and businesses. In the United States, various laws and regulations apply to the collection, processing,
disclosure, and security of certain types of data. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal
and state consumer protection laws as imposing standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. These regulatory regimes are
constantly evolving and not always interpreted in a consistent manner. If we fail to comply with any such laws or regulations, we may be subject to
enforcement actions that may not only expose us to litigation, fines, and civil and/or criminal penalties, but also require us to change our business practices,
each of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
The regulatory framework for data privacy worldwide is evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. The occurrence of
unanticipated events often rapidly drives the adoption of legislation or regulation affecting the use, collection, or other processing of data and manners in
which we conduct our business. Restrictions have been placed upon the collection, management, aggregation, transfer, and use of information, and
compliance with those restrictions may require us to change how we collect, manage, aggregate, transfer, and use data in the future, which could result in a
material increase in the cost of collecting or otherwise obtaining certain kinds of data. These restrictions could further limit the ways in which we may use
or disclose information or may require us to make changes to our offerings, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. In particular, interest-based advertising, or the use of data to draw inferences about a user’s interests and deliver relevant advertising to that user,
and similar or related practices (sometimes referred to as behavioral advertising or personalized advertising), such as cross-device data collection and
aggregation, have come under increasing scrutiny by legislative, regulatory, and self-regulatory bodies in the United States and abroad that focus on
consumer protection or data privacy. In addition, the steps taken by companies to de-identify personal data, to use and distribute the resulting data,
including for purposes of personalization and the targeting of advertisements, have also been a frequent target of scrutiny by these authorities. Much of the
related regulatory activity has focused on the use of cookies and other technology to collect information about Internet users’ online browsing activity on
web browsers, mobile devices, and other devices, to associate such data with user or mobile advertising identifiers or de-identified identities across devices
and channels. There is also increased regulatory focus on the use of geolocation data that aims to limit what can be collected, what kind of consent may be
required with respect to the same, and how such data may be used, exchanged, or disclosed to others.
In the United States, the U.S. Congress and state legislatures, along with federal regulatory authorities, have increased their attention on matters
concerning the collection and use of consumer data. In the United States, non-sensitive consumer data generally may be used under current rules and
regulations, subject to certain restrictions, so long as the person does not affirmatively “opt-out” of the collection or use of such data. If an “opt-in” model
or other more restrictive regulations were to be adopted in the United States, less data would be available, and the cost of data would be higher. It is
uncertain what steps the second Trump Administration in the United States may take to expand, curtail, or alter the current federal regulatory regime in
which we operate.
California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended, “CCPA”) which took effect in January 2020. The CCPA created individual
privacy rights for California residents, including rights of deletion and access, and increased the privacy and security obligations of businesses handling
personal data. The CCPA is also still enforceable by the California Attorney General, and there is a CCPA private right of action relating to certain data
security incidents. The CCPA generally requires covered businesses to, among other things, provide disclosures to California consumers regarding the
collection, use and disclosure of their personal data. The CCPA also affords California consumers the ability to opt-out of certain sales of personal data, a
concept that is defined broadly and is subject to evolving regulations promulgated initially by the California Attorney General, and now the California
Privacy Protection Agency (“CPPA”), newly renamed “CalPrivacy,” and the agency charged with CCPA rulemaking and enforcement.
31
Table of Contents
CCPA amendments have also imposed additional data protection obligations on companies doing business in California, including additional consumer
rights processes and opt-outs for certain uses of sensitive data and “sharing” of personal data for cross-context behavioral advertising. The effects of the
CCPA, including from expected but not yet promulgated regulations, are potentially significant and may require us to modify our data collection or
processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply, which will increase our potential exposure to regulatory
enforcement and/or litigation. Decreased availability and increased costs of information due to implementing the CCPA, could adversely affect our ability
to meet our customers’ requirements and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
In addition to regulations under the CCPA, CalPrivacy has also promulgated regulations as a result of the California Delete Act, which applies to those
entities defined as ‘data brokers’ under the CCPA amendments. The Delete Act has required CalPrivacy to establish an accessible data deletion mechanism
by January 1, 2026, to allow California consumers to submit a single verifiable consumer request to delete their data across all data brokers. By providing
an opportunity for mass data subject requests, the Delete Act imposes compliance and operational costs and has the potential to limit the availability of
personal data that PubMatic may utilize for targeted advertising.
The California Invasion of Privacy Act (as amended, “CIPA”) has become the basis for a growing number of lawsuits against digital advertising
companies, including PubMatic. Plaintiffs have argued that CIPA prohibits certain forms of interception of communications and the use of pen registers or
similar tracking devices without the consent of all parties to the communication. Plaintiffs in several recent cases have alleged that adtech intermediaries—
including supply side platforms (SSPs)—have violated CIPA by participating in the interception of communications between consumers and websites
through the use of tracking pixels, cookies, session replay scripts, or real-time bidding signals. Although we believe our practices comply with applicable
laws, the legal framework surrounding CIPA is unsettled and continues to evolve through litigation and courts have issued conflicting decisions regarding
the scope of CIPA’s application to modern internet technologies. Should plaintiffs successfully argue that our participation in the adtech ecosystem
constitutes a violation of CIPA, we could be subject to significant statutory damages, costly litigation, injunctions, or other regulatory actions. Even
unmeritorious claims can result in substantial legal expenses and divert management attention. If similar claims are adopted by courts in other jurisdictions,
or if regulators issue adverse guidance interpreting these practices as unlawful under CIPA or other statutes, our financial exposure and liability could
increase and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
The federal Video Privacy Protection Act (“VPPA”) has also been the basis for a growing number of lawsuits involving the alleged disclosure of
consumers’ video-viewing information to third parties through pixels or similar technologies. As courts address these lawsuits, adverse decisions could
increase VPPA-related litigation (including class actions), expand statutory damages exposure, reduce available defenses for companies that host, embed,
or monetize video content and use common analytics or advertising technologies, and require changes to industry practices, any of which could adversely
affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
The CCPA has encouraged “copycat” laws in other states across the country. Following California’s lead, over a third of other U.S. states have enacted
comprehensive consumer privacy laws as well as privacy laws targeted at specific industries or types of data, and at data brokers specifically. Numerous
other states have or are in the process of passing their own privacy or privacy-adjacent laws. Compliance with new privacy legislation adds complexity and
may require investment in additional resources for compliance programs, thus potentially resulting in additional costs and expense of resources to maintain
compliance. We cannot yet fully predict the impact of such state laws or subsequent guidance on our business or operations, but it may require us to further
modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply, including the opportunity cost of
devoting resources to developing compliance solutions over expanded platform capabilities. New and proposed legislation has added and may in the future
add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions, and potential legal risk, require additional investment in resources to compliance
programs, and could impact strategies and availability of previously useful data and could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes in business
practices and policies. In some cases, different regulatory regimes may interpret certain practices differently, and there may be contradiction among the
regimes in which we operate. Although proposals are regularly introduced in Congress, it remains to be seen whether the U.S. will implement
comprehensive federal consumer privacy legislation.
32
Table of Contents
In Europe, the GDPR took effect on May 25, 2018, and applies to products and services that we provide in Europe, as well as the processing of
personal data of European Union (“EU”) citizens, wherever that processing occurs. The United Kingdom (“U.K.”) implemented the Data Protection Act,
effective May 2018, and statutorily amended it in 2019 to contain provisions, including its own derogations, for how GDPR is applied in the U.K. post
Brexit (the “UK GDPR”). The GDPR includes operational requirements for companies that receive or process personal data of residents of the EU. For
example, we are required to offer consent mechanisms to data subjects in Europe before processing data for certain aspects of our service. Failure to
comply with GDPR may result in significant penalties for non-compliance of up to the greater of €20 million (£17.5 million in the U.K.) or 4% of an
enterprise’s global annual revenue. In addition to the foregoing, a breach of the GDPR could result in regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders
to cease/ change our processing of our data, enforcement notices, and/ or assessment notices (for a compulsory audit). We may also face civil claims
including representative actions and other class action type litigation (where individuals have suffered harm), potentially amounting to significant
compensation or damages liabilities, as well as associated costs, diversion of internal resources, and reputational harm.
Further, European regulators continue to be focused on compliance with requirements in the online behavioral advertising ecosystem and enforcing
national laws that implement the ePrivacy Directive (commonly called the “Cookie Directive”) in those ecosystems. European court decisions and
regulators’ recent guidance continue to drive increased attention to cookies and tracking technologies. As regulators start to enforce a stricter approach
(which has already begun to occur in multiple EU member states, where data protection authorities have initiated a probe on third-party cookies), this could
lead to substantial costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing activities, divert the attention of our technology
personnel, adversely affect our margins, increase costs, and subject us to additional liabilities.
IAB Europe previously collaborated with the digital advertising industry to create a user-facing framework (the Transparency and Consent Framework,
or “TCF”) for establishing and managing legal bases under the GDPR and other U.K. and EU privacy laws including the ePrivacy Directive. In February
2022, the Belgian Data Protection Authority (“DPA”) issued an order against IAB Europe that imposes specific remedies on IAB Europe and its operation
of TCF. IAB Europe appealed the Belgian DPA’s decision, and the Belgian Market Court issued an interim ruling on the appeal and referred preliminary
questions to the CJEU for guidance. IAB Europe subsequently issued an updated version of the TCF, and following the CJEU’s March 2024 ruling, the
appeal remains in the Belgian Market Court on the substantive questions posed.
In addition, some countries, including India, Brazil, Thailand, and Japan, are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection
requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services
or force us to change business practices to conform to local law. The U.S. federal government has additionally added restrictions on the flow of certain data
to China and other so called “countries of concern” which has the potential to limit with whom we may partner or the data we are able to share with certain
partners. Any failure to achieve required data protection standards (which are not currently clear when applied to the online advertising ecosystem) may
result in lawsuits, regulatory fines, or other actions or liability, all of which may harm our results of operations and revenue opportunities. Because the
interpretation and application of privacy and data protection laws, such as the CCPA and GDPR, and their related regulations and standards, are potentially
uncertain and may be different across jurisdictions, it is possible that these laws, regulations and standards may be interpreted and applied in manners that
are, or are asserted to be, inconsistent with our data management practices or the technological features of our solutions.
We are also subject to laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process and/or receive certain
data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate, and data shared among our products and
services.
33
Table of Contents
We are also subject to regulation with respect to political advertising activities, which are governed by various federal and state laws in the United
States, EU, and national and provincial laws worldwide. Online political advertising laws are rapidly evolving, and our publishers may impose restrictions
on receiving political advertising, especially in light of recent elections both in the United States, EU. and in foreign jurisdictions. The lack of uniformity
and increasing compliance requirements around political advertising may adversely impact the amount of political advertising spent through our platform,
increase our operating and compliance costs, and subject us to potential liability from regulatory agencies. Moreover, in the European Union, the
Regulation on the Transparency and Targeting of Political Advertising (“TTPA”) introduces new obligations for participants in the digital political
advertising ecosystem, including enhanced transparency, labeling, and recordkeeping requirements, as well as restrictions on the use of personal data and
inferred characteristics for targeting or amplifying political advertisements. Although the precise scope and application of the TTPA will depend on
implementing guidance and national enforcement practices, it may be interpreted to apply to multiple participants in the advertising supply chain, including
intermediaries such as supply-side platforms. Compliance with the TTPA may require changes to our products, processes, contractual arrangements, or data
flows, increase compliance and operational costs, reduce demand for political advertising in the EU, or expose us to regulatory investigations, fines, or
other liability.
The collection and processing of health-related data presents heightened compliance risks due to the broad and ambiguous language of emerging
privacy laws such as Washington’s My Health My Data Act (“MHMD”) and the Nevada Consumer Health Data Law. These laws expand the definition of
“consumer health data” far beyond traditional medical information, potentially encompassing data points that are commonly used in digital advertising,
such as location data, app usage, and browsing history when linked to health-related interests. Unlike HIPAA, which applies to specific entities such as
healthcare providers, these new state laws cast a wider net, creating uncertainty around what constitutes health data and how it must be handled.
Compliance obligations, including obtaining explicit consumer consent, offering broad deletion rights, and imposing strict contractual restrictions on data
sharing, introduce operational complexity and potential liability for companies such as ours. Additionally, these laws contain private rights of action,
exposing businesses to costly class action lawsuits even in cases where health-related data is inadvertently inferred rather than explicitly collected. As
enforcement of these regulations ramps up, our company must continuously assess and adapt our data practices to mitigate risk, which may require limiting
certain data-driven advertising use cases or investing in additional compliance infrastructure, impacting operational efficiency and revenue opportunities.
In addition to government regulation, privacy advocacy and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that either legally
or contractually apply to us or our customers. We are members of self-regulatory bodies that impose additional requirements related to the collection, use,
and disclosure of consumer data. Under the requirements of these self-regulatory bodies, in addition to other compliance obligations, we are obligated to
provide consumers with notice about our use of cookies and other technologies to collect consumer data and of our collection and use of consumer data for
certain purposes, and to provide consumers with certain choices relating to the use of consumer data. Some of these self-regulatory bodies have the ability
to discipline members or participants, which could result in fines, penalties, and/or public censure (which could in turn cause reputational harm) being
imposed on us. Additionally, some of these self-regulatory bodies might refer violations of their requirements to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission or
other regulatory bodies. If we were to be found responsible for such a violation, it could adversely affect our reputation, as well as our business, results of
operations, and financial condition.
Legal uncertainty and industry unpreparedness for new regulations may mean substantial disruption and inefficiency, demand constraints, and
reduced inventory supply and value.
Some of our publishers may be unprepared to comply with the evolving complexity established as a result of an abundance of state, national, and other
privacy laws and regulations which are no longer solely limited to the CCPA, GDPR, and the UK GDPR, and which may result in removing or limiting
personal data from their inventory before passing it into the bid stream. This may lower the value of their inventory, at least temporarily, resulting in loss of
ad spend and revenue for us.
34
Table of Contents
As privacy and data protection laws continue to evolve, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent
with our safeguards and practices that could result in fines, lawsuits, and other penalties, and significant changes to our publishers’ business practices and
inventory. Even well-prepared publishers and buyers may be confronted with difficult choices and administrative and technical hurdles as they implement
compliance programs and integrate with multiple other parties in the ecosystem. Further, compliance program design and implementation will be an
ongoing process as understanding of the CCPA, CPRA, GDPR, UK GDPR, increasing numbers of U.S. state privacy laws, or other emerging regulations
and industry compliance standards (such as those related to the use of Artificial Intelligence), evolves and companies address sometimes conflicting
compliance guidance. In addition to California, approximately 20 U.S. states have enacted regulations that may apply to our business, and we expect more
state legislatures or regulatory agencies to do the same. The resulting process friction could result in substantial inefficiency and loss of inventory and
demand, as well as increased burdens upon our organization as we seek to assist customers and adapt our own technology and processes as necessary to
comply with laws and regulations and adapt to industry practice. The uncertain regulatory environment caused by the CCPA, GDPR, UK GDPR, increasing
numbers of U.S. state privacy laws, or other emerging regulations may disadvantage us in comparison to larger, integrated competitors such as Google and
Meta (Facebook), which have greater compliance resources and can take advantage of their direct relationships with end users to secure consent directly
from those users. Changes in the business practices of such large integrated competitors could impose additional requirements with respect to the retention
and security of our handling or ability to handle customer and end user data, could limit our marketing and core business activities, and have an adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Recent legal developments in Europe have introduced uncertainty for transferring personal data from the European Union to the United States, which
may require us to change our EU data practices.
The GDPR generally prohibits the transfer of personal data of EU subjects outside of the European Union to another country that the European
Commission does not recognize as offering an adequate level of data protection unless a lawful data transfer mechanism has been implemented or a data
transfer derogation applies. On July 10, 2023, the European Commission adopted an adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”)
as a valid transfer mechanism for data transfers to the United States, and we have self-certified to comply with the EU - U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as a mechanism to legally facilitate personal data
transfers from the EU, the U.K., and Switzerland to the U.S. This new Data Privacy Framework could be subject to legal challenge in front of the Court of
Justice for the European Union (the “CJEU”), where non-governmental organizations successfully litigated to invalidate previous framework, known as
Privacy Shield, in 2020.
Specifically, recent developments have introduced potential challenges to the stability of the DPF. On January 27, 2025, the Trump administration
dismissed all three Democratic members of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board (PCLOB), the independent agency responsible for overseeing
U.S. surveillance activities and ensuring they align with privacy and civil liberties standards. This action has left the PCLOB without a quorum, effectively
incapacitating its ability to function and fulfill its oversight responsibilities.
The operational status of the PCLOB was a significant factor in the European Commission's decision to adopt the DPF. The current limited
functionality of the PCLOB raises concerns about the continued viability of the DPF and may prompt legal challenges, including potential scrutiny by the
Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU).
The Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) is an alternative transfer measure that we also offer to our EU and UK customers for cross-border data
transfers that was upheld as a valid legal mechanism for transnational data transfers by the CJEU in 2020. However, the ruling requires that organizations
seeking to rely on the SCCs to export data out of the European Union must ensure the data is protected to a standard that is “essentially equivalent” to that
in the European Union, including, where necessary, by taking “supplementary measures” to protect the data. Although “supplementary measures” are not
explicitly defined, it is possible that European data protection authorities may determine that there are no supplementary measures that can legitimize EU
US data transfers. For the time being, we will rely on the DPF and SCCs for EU-US transfers of EU personal data and explore what “supplementary
measures” can implemented to protect EU personal data that is transferred to us in the United States. SCCs also contemplate data received from a third
party, but may not cover data that is collected directly on behalf of a third party. In June 2021, the European Commission further updated the SCCs to
require additional information for cross-border data transfers. It remains possible that the SCCs may be later determined inadequate to cover our use of
cookies and other tracking technologies placed directly on consumer’s browsers or devices through our publishers or buyers’ websites.
35
Table of Contents
Depending on evolving legal developments, we may need to restructure our transfers of European data via another European subsidiary and have such
entity enter into SCCs with other group entities and implement “supplementary measures” to ensure the continuing flow of data from the European Union
to the United States. In the event that use of the SCCs is subsequently invalidated as a solution for data transfers to the United States, or there are additional
changes to the data protection regime in the European Union resulting in any inability to transfer personal data from the European Union to the United
States in compliance with data protection laws, European customers may be more inclined to work with businesses that do not rely on such compliance
mechanisms to ensure legal and regulatory compliance, such as EU-based companies or other competitors that do not need to transfer personal data to the
United States in order to avoid the above-identified risks and legal issues. Such changes could cause us to incur penalties under GDPR and UK GDPR and
could increase the cost and complexity of operating our business.
Our failure or the failure of third parties to protect our sites, networks and systems against security breaches, or otherwise to protect our confidential
information, could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and operating results.
We collect, maintain, transmit and store data about consumers, employees, partners and others, including personal and other confidential information.
We also engage third parties that store, process, and transmit these types of information on our behalf. We rely on encryption and authentication
technology licensed from third parties in an effort to securely transmit confidential and sensitive information, including payment information. Advances in
computer capabilities, new technological discoveries, or other developments may result in the whole or partial failure of this technology to protect
transaction data or other confidential and sensitive information from being breached or compromised. In addition, ecommerce websites are often attacked
through compromised credentials, including those obtained through phishing and credential stuffing. Our security measures, and those of our third-party
service providers, might not detect or prevent all attempts to breach our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing
attacks, social engineering, security breaches, ransomware, credential stuffing attacks, or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the
security of information stored in or transmitted by our websites, networks, and systems or that we or such third parties otherwise maintain, including
payment card systems, which may subject us to fines, higher transaction fees, or limit or terminate our access to certain payment methods. We and such
third parties might not anticipate, prevent, or detect attacks until after they have already been launched. Further, techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access to, or sabotage, systems change frequently and might not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers. In addition,
security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees or by third parties.
These risks can increase over time as the complexity and number of technical systems and applications we use also increases.
Breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers on whom we rely or other cyber security incidents could result in
unauthorized access to our mobile applications, sites, networks and systems; unauthorized access to and misappropriation of data and customer
information, including customers’ personally identifiable information, or other confidential or proprietary information of ourselves or third parties; viruses,
worms, spyware or other malware being served from our mobile applications, sites, networks or systems; deletion or modification of content or the display
of unauthorized content on our mobile applications or sites; interruption, disruption or malfunction of operations; costs relating to breach remediation,
deployment of additional personnel and protection technologies, response to governmental investigations and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of
third-party experts and consultants; litigation; regulatory action; investigations, fines or penalties, and other potential liabilities. In the future, we or our
third-party service providers may experience social engineering, ransomware, phishing, malware and similar attacks and threats of denial-of-service attacks
and such attacks could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. If any of these breaches of security should occur, our
reputation and brand could be damaged, our business may suffer, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate
problems caused by such breaches, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation or regulatory action and possible liability. We cannot guarantee that
recovery protocols and backup systems will be sufficient to prevent data loss. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs,
including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. In addition, any
party who is able to illicitly obtain a user’s password could access the user’s transaction data or personal data, resulting in the perception that our systems
are insecure.
36
Table of Contents
Many U.S. and foreign laws and regulations require companies to provide notice of data security breaches and/or incidents involving certain types of
personal data to individuals, the media, government authorities or other third parties. In addition, some of our customers contractually require notification
of data security breaches. Any compromise or breach of our security measures, or those of our third-party service providers, could cause significant legal
and financial exposure, adverse publicity, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. There can be no assurance that any limitations of liability provisions in our contracts would be
enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim arising from a cyber
incident. We also cannot be sure that our existing cyber insurance coverage, general liability insurance coverage, and coverage for errors or omissions will
fully cover such incidents, will continue to be available on acceptable terms, or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or
that insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. One or more large, successful claims against us in excess of our available insurance coverage, or
changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our
business, operating results and financial condition.
Failure to comply with industry self-regulation could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
In addition to complying with government regulations, we participate in trade associations and industry self-regulatory groups such as the Interactive
Advertising Bureau, the Trustworthy Accountability Group, the Digital Advertising Alliance, and the Networking Advertising Initiative that promote best
practices or codes of conduct addressing privacy and consumer transparency in interest-based advertising. For example, we have undertaken to comply
with industry codes of conduct in the United States and Europe. On our website, we offer consumers the ability to opt out of receiving advertisements
based on cookies or other technologies. If we encounter difficulties implementing such guidelines, or our opt-out mechanisms fail to work as designed, we
may experience negative publicity and be the subject of investigations or litigation.
Some of these self-regulatory bodies have the ability to discipline members or participants, which could result in fines, penalties, and/or public censure
(which could in turn cause reputational harm) being imposed on us. Additionally, some of these self-regulatory bodies might refer violations of their
requirements to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission or other regulatory bodies. Therefore, any representations that we make regarding our adherence to
self-regulatory standards could result in regulatory action if we fail to meet such representations. Any regulatory action against us could be costly and time
consuming, require us to change our business practices, cause us to divert management’s attention and our resources, and be damaging to our reputation
and our business. New self-regulatory guidelines that are inconsistent with our practices or in conflict with applicable laws and regulations in the United
States and other countries where we do business could arise. If we fail to abide by or are perceived as not operating in accordance with applicable laws,
regulations, and industry best practices, or any industry guidelines or codes with regard to privacy or the provision of Internet advertising, our reputation
may suffer and we could lose market share or relationships with our publishers, buyers, or others.
In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that may apply
to us, and are constantly evolving in the United States, European Union, and other jurisdictions. Because the interpretation and application of privacy and
data protection laws, regulations, rules, and other standards are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws, rules, regulations, and other actual or alleged
legal obligations, such as contractual or self-regulatory obligations, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data
management practices or the functionality of our platform. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits, and other claims, we could be required to
change our offerings or business activities and practices or modify our software, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, and financial condition.
We are subject to governmental economic sanctions requirements and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in
international markets or subject us to civil or criminal liability.
We are subject to various U.S. export control and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration
Regulations and the various sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (collectively,
“Trade Controls”). U.S. Trade Controls may prohibit the shipment of specified products and services to certain countries, governments, and persons.
Although we endeavor to conduct our business in compliance with Trade Controls, our limited ability to oversee and control the inventory of our channel
partners or our failure to successfully comply may expose us to negative legal and business consequences, including civil or criminal penalties,
governmental investigations, and reputational harm.
Furthermore, if we export our technology or software, the exports may require authorizations, including a license, a license exception, or other
appropriate government authorization or regulatory requirements. Complying with Trade Controls may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or
loss of opportunities.
37
Table of Contents
In addition, various countries regulate the import of encryption technology, including the imposition of import permitting and licensing requirements,
and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to offer our platform or could limit our customers’ ability to use our platform in those countries. Changes
in our platform or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our platform in certain markets or prevent our
customers with international operations from deploying our platform globally. Any change in export or import regulations, global trade activity, economic
sanctions or related legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use
of our platform by, or in our decreased ability to export our technology and services to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Any
decreased use of our platform or limitation on our ability to export our platform could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.
Risks Related to Intellectual Property
We may be subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages, and
could limit our ability to use technology or intellectual property.
We operate in an industry with extensive intellectual property litigation. There is a risk that our business, platform, and services may infringe or be
alleged to infringe the trademarks, copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including patents held by our competitors or by
non-practicing entities. We could be subject to third party claims if our publishers or buyers do not have sufficient rights to the content, technology, data, or
other material associated with an ad impression that they provide, or if it infringes or is alleged to infringe the intellectual property rights of other parties.
We may also face allegations that our employees have misappropriated or divulged the intellectual property of their former employers or other third parties.
Regardless of whether claims that we are infringing on the intellectual property rights of others have any merit, the claims are time consuming, divert
management attention and financial resources, and are costly to evaluate and defend. Some of our competitors have substantially greater resources than we
do and are able to sustain the cost of complex intellectual property litigation to a greater extent and for longer periods of time than we could. Due to the
cost of litigation, we may choose to enter into license agreements with third parties alleging infringement even when we do not believe our business,
platform, or services infringe on third parties’ intellectual property rights. Results of intellectual property litigation matters are difficult to predict and may
require us to stop offering some features, purchase licenses, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all, or modify our technology or our
platform while we develop non-infringing substitutes, or incur significant settlement costs. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our intellectual property rights may be difficult to enforce and protect, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our technology without
compensating us, thereby eroding our competitive advantages and having an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.
We rely upon a combination of trade secrets protections, third-party confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, contractual restrictions on
disclosure and use, and trademark, copyright, patent, and other intellectual property laws to establish and protect our proprietary technology and intellectual
property rights. We rely on copyright laws to protect computer programs related to our platform and our proprietary technologies, although to date we have
not registered for statutory copyright protection. In order to bring a copyright infringement lawsuit in the United States, the copyright must be registered.
Accordingly, the remedies and damages available to us for unauthorized use of our software or products may be limited. Historically, we have prioritized
keeping our technology architecture, trade secrets, and engineering roadmap private and confidential, and as a general matter, have not patented our
proprietary technology. As a result, we cannot look to patent enforcement rights to protect much of our proprietary technology. Any issued patents may be
challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, and any rights granted under these patents may not actually provide adequate defensive protection or competitive
advantages to us. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all
necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner.
38
Table of Contents
We cannot guarantee that others will not independently develop technology with the same or similar functions to our proprietary technology that we
rely on to conduct our business and differentiate ourselves from our competitors. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or obtain and use our
technology to develop applications with the same functionality as our offerings, and policing unauthorized use of our technology and intellectual property
rights is difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and may not be effective. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of
intellectual property rights as those of the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of our intellectual property rights in such countries may be
inadequate. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights (including in particular, the proprietary aspects of our offerings) we may find
ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who have not incurred the same level of expense, time, and effort to create and protect their intellectual
property, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
While it is our policy to protect and defend our rights to our intellectual property, especially via trade secrets protections, we cannot predict whether
steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property will be adequate to prevent infringement, misappropriation, dilution, or other violations of our
intellectual property rights. Third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our intellectual property rights, third parties may challenge intellectual
property rights held by us, and pending and future trademark and patent applications may not be approved. These claims may result in restrictions on our
use of our intellectual property or the conduct of our business. In any of these cases, we may be required to expend significant time and expense to prevent
infringement or to enforce our rights.
Our customer agreements generally restrict the use of our confidential information solely to such customer’s use in connection with its use of our
offerings. In spite of such limitations, reverse engineering our software and feature sets, or the theft or misuse of our confidential information, could occur
by customers or other third parties who have access to our technology, and we may fail to detect such theft or misuse in a timely manner.
We also endeavor to enter into agreements with our employees and contractors in order to limit access to and disclosure of our confidential
information, as well as to clarify rights to intellectual property and technology associated with our business. These agreements may not effectively grant all
necessary rights to any inventions that may have been developed by such employees or consultants. In addition, these agreements may not effectively
prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property, or technology and may not provide an adequate remedy in the
event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property, or technology. Furthermore, protecting our intellectual
property is particularly challenging after our employees or contractors end their relationship with us, and, in some cases, decide to work for our
competitors. Enforceability of the non-compete agreements that we have in place is not guaranteed, and contractual restrictions could be breached without
us becoming aware of such breach or adequate remedies available to us.
We rely on licenses to use the intellectual property rights of third parties to conduct our business.
We rely on products, technologies, and intellectual property that we license from third parties for use in operating our business. We cannot assure you
that these third-party licenses, or support for such licensed products and technologies, will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms,
if at all. We cannot be certain that our licensors are not infringing the intellectual property rights of others or that our suppliers and licensors have sufficient
rights to the technology in all jurisdictions in which we may operate. Some of our license agreements may be terminated by our licensors for convenience.
If we are unable to obtain or maintain rights to any of this technology because of intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties against
our suppliers and licensors or against us, or if we are unable to continue to obtain the technology or enter into new agreements on commercially reasonable
terms, our ability to operate and expand our business could be adversely affected.
39
Table of Contents
Our platform relies on third-party open source software components. Failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses
could expose us to liabilities, and the combination of open source software with code that we develop could compromise the proprietary nature of our
platform.
Our platform utilizes software licensed to us by third-party authors under “open source” licenses, and we expect to continue to utilize open source
software in the future. The use of open source software may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors
generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. To the extent that our platform
depends upon the successful operation of the open source software we use, any undetected errors or defects in this open source software could prevent the
deployment or impair the functionality of our platform, delay new solutions introductions, result in a failure of our platform, and harm our reputation. For
example, undetected errors or defects in open source software could render it vulnerable to breaches or security attacks, and, in conjunction, make our
systems more vulnerable to data breaches. Furthermore, some open source licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for
modifications or derivative works we create based upon the type of open source software we use. If we combine our proprietary software with open source
software in a specific manner, we could, under some open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public.
This would allow our competitors to create similar solutions with lower development cost, effort, and time, and ultimately put us at a competitive
disadvantage.
Although we monitor our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our platform to conditions we do not intend or requirements to disclose
source code, we cannot assure you that our processes for controlling our use of open source software in our platform will be effective. If we are held to
have breached the terms of an open source software license, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties to continue operating using our
offerings on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our solution or the supporting computational infrastructure to discontinue use of code,
or to make generally available, in source code form, portions of our proprietary code.
Risks Related to Financial and Accounting Matters
If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements and other disclosures on a timely basis could be
impaired.
We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (“SOX”), to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the
effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. The failure to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting,
could adversely affect our business, results of operations, our financial condition and could have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A
common stock. Potential challenges, risks and difficulties could include:
• failure to meet our reporting obligations;
• restatement of our financial statements due to an undetected material weakness;
• loss of investor confidence in our reported financial information; and
• additional costs to remediate any identified material weaknesses.
If we are unable to continue to meet the reporting requirements per the SEC and SOX, we may not be able to remain listed on the Nasdaq Global
Market.
In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe certain non-GAAP measures and key metrics may be useful in evaluating
our operating performance. We present certain non-GAAP financial measures and key metrics in this report and intend to continue to present certain non
GAAP financial measures and key metrics in future filings with the SEC and other public statements. Any failure to accurately report and present our non
GAAP financial measures and key metrics could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which could have a
negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock.
40
Table of Contents
Our credit agreement contains operating and financial covenants that may restrict our business and financing activities.
As of December 31, 2025, we had no outstanding borrowings under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities Credit Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”)
with Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”). Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets. The Credit Agreement contains
customary representations and warranties as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants. Negative covenants include, among others, limitations
on incurrence of, indebtedness, liens, dispositions of property and investments by us and our subsidiaries. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires us to
maintain certain interest coverage, leverage and senior leverage ratios. The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in the Credit Agreement, as
well as any future financing arrangements that we may enter into, may restrict our ability to finance our operations, engage in, expand, or otherwise pursue
our business activities and strategies. Our ability to comply with these or other covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and future
breaches of these or other covenants could result in a default under the Credit Agreement. If not waived, future defaults could cause all of the outstanding
indebtedness under our Credit Agreement to become immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit.
If we do not have or are unable to generate sufficient cash to repay our debt obligations when they become due and payable, either upon maturity or in
the event of a default, it could negatively impact our ability to operate and continue our business as a going concern. Additionally, if we are unable to repay
our debt obligations under the Credit Agreement, we may not be able to obtain additional future debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, which
could negatively impact our ability to operate and continue our business as a going concern.
On March 10, 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation and subsequently appointed the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into
receivership. While the FDIC has taken steps to make whole all depositors of SVB, there is no assurance that similar guarantees will be made in the event
of further bank closures or instability in the global banking system. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the
future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, then our ability to obtain financing may be threatened, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Moreover, events such as the closure of SVB, in addition to other global
macroeconomic conditions, may cause further disruptions and uncertainty in the capital markets.
Our tax liabilities may be greater than anticipated.
The U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws applicable to our business activities are subject to interpretation and change. We are subject to audit by the Internal
Revenue Service and by taxing authorities of the state, local and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Our tax obligations are based in part on our
corporate operating structure, including the manner in which we develop, value, use and hold our intellectual property, the jurisdictions in which we
operate, how tax authorities assess revenue-based taxes such as sales and use taxes, the scope of our international operations, and the value we ascribe to
our intercompany transactions. Taxing authorities may challenge, and have challenged, our tax positions and methodologies for valuing developed
technology or intercompany arrangements, positions regarding the collection of sales and use taxes, and the jurisdictions in which we are subject to taxes,
which could expose us to additional taxes. Any adverse outcomes of such challenges to our tax positions could result in additional taxes for prior periods,
interest and penalties, as well as higher future taxes.
In addition, our future tax expense could increase as a result of changes in tax laws, regulations or accounting principles, or as a result of earning
income in jurisdictions that have higher tax rates. For example, various jurisdictions have threatened to impose laws that tax specified digital services,
which may increase our tax obligations in such jurisdictions. Many countries have adopted changes to their tax laws based on the model rules adopted by
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development defining a 15% global minimum tax (commonly referred to as Pillar 2) that could increase
our tax obligations in countries where we do business or cause us to change the way we operate our business. Any increase in our tax expense could have a
negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the determination of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities
requires significant estimates and judgment by management, and the tax treatment of certain transactions is uncertain.
Any changes, ambiguity, or uncertainty in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions, including the position
of taxing authorities with respect to revenue generated by reference to certain digital services, could also materially impact our income tax liabilities.
Although we believe we have made and will continue to make reasonable estimates and judgments, the ultimate outcome of any particular issue may differ
from the amounts previously recorded in our financial statements and any such occurrence could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and
financial condition.
41
Table of Contents
Tax changes could affect our effective tax rate and future profitability.
We are subject to federal, state, and local taxes in the United States, and we are subject to taxes in numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment
is required in evaluating our tax positions and our worldwide provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many activities
and transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In addition, our future income tax obligations could be adversely affected by changes
in, or interpretations of, tax laws in the United States or in other jurisdictions in which we operate. For example, the United States tax legislation commonly
referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “Tax Act”) (as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, Economic Security Act, the Families First
Coronavirus Response Act and the American Rescue Plan Act), significantly reformed the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, reducing U.S.
federal tax rates, making sweeping changes to rules governing international business operations, and imposing significant additional limitations on tax
benefits, including the deductibility of interest and the capitalization of research and development expenses. In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act of
2022 (the “Inflation Reduction Act”) imposes a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax and 1% excise tax on repurchases of corporate stock. We anticipate
further changes in the tax laws of the United States in the future.
Tax proposals and enactments worldwide include changes to the existing framework in respect of income taxes, limitations on the ability of taxpayers
to claim and utilize tax benefits, as well as new types of non-income taxes (such as taxes based on a percentage of revenue or taxes applicable to digital
services). For example, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development proposed introduction of the global minimum tax standard. Due to
the large and expanding scale of our international business activities, these types of changes to the taxation of our activities could impact the tax treatment
of our foreign earnings, increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of taxes imposed on our business, and impact our financial position.
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock
The trading price of the shares of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and could subject us to litigation.
Technology stocks historically have experienced high levels of volatility. The trading price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated substantially
and may continue to do so. These fluctuations could cause holders of our Class A common stock to incur substantial losses, including all of such
investment in our Class A common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our Class A common stock, some of which are
beyond our control and may not be related to our operational or financial performance, include, among others, the following:
• volatility in the market price and trading volume of technology companies in general and of companies in the digital advertising industry in
particular;
• announcements of new solutions or technologies, commercial relationships, acquisitions, or other events by us or our competitors;
• the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC;
• fluctuations in the trading volume of our shares or the size of our public float;
• sales of large blocks of our common stock; actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of operations or financial projections;
• changes in actual or future expectations of investors or securities analysts;
• governmental or regulatory developments or actions, or litigation involving us, our industry, or both; and
• general economic conditions and trends or catastrophic events in our domestic and foreign markets.
In addition, if the market for technology stocks, the stock of digital advertising companies or the stock market, in general, experiences a loss of
investor confidence, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, results of operations, or financial
condition. The trading price of our Class A common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in the digital advertising
industry even if these events do not directly affect us. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities
class action litigation has often been brought against that company. If litigation is instituted against us, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert
management’s attention and resources, and adversely affect our business.
42
Table of Contents
Insiders have substantial control over our company, including as a result of the dual class structure of our common stock, which could limit or
preclude investors’ ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors and the approval of any change of control transaction.
Our Class B common stock has ten votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Transfers of stock by holders of Class B
common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions. As of January 31, 2026, our
directors and officers, and their respective affiliates, beneficially owned in the aggregate approximately 67.5% of the voting power of our capital stock.
Because of the ten-to-one voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, the holders of our Class B common stock collectively will continue
to control a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and therefore be able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for
approval. This concentrated control will limit or preclude investors’ ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, including the election
of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major
corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. The interests of this group of stockholders may not coincide with our interests or the interests of other
stockholders. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of deterring, delaying or preventing a change of control of our company, could
deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the
market price of our common stock. Having a dual-class common stock structure may make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors,
such as funds and investment companies that attempt to track the performance of any indexes that prohibit or limit the inclusion of companies with such
structures.
Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public markets, or the perception that they might occur, could cause the market price
of our Class A common stock to decline.
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock into the public market, particularly sales by our directors and executive officers,
or the perception that these sales might occur, could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline and may make it more difficult for
shareholders to sell shares of our Class A common stock at a time and price they deem appropriate. Our directors, executive officers and employees hold
options and restricted stock units under our equity incentive plans, and the common stock issuable upon the exercise of such options or vesting of such
restricted stock units has been registered for public resale under the Securities Act. Accordingly, these shares of common stock will be able to be freely sold
in the public market upon issuance subject to certain legal and contractual requirements.
Our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage takeover attempts and other corporate governance changes.
Our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (the “restated certificate of incorporation”) and restated bylaws contain provisions that could
delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors who are not nominated
by the current members of our board of directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions include:
• a provision that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms at such time as the
outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock, which could
delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of our board;
• the ability of our board to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership
of a hostile acquirer;
• a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent effective upon such time as the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent
less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock;
• the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board, our chief executive officer, our lead
director, or a majority of our board;
• the requirement for the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66-2/3% of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the voting stock,
voting together as a single class, to amend provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation or our restated bylaws;
• the ability of our board to amend the bylaws, which may allow it to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability
of an acquirer;
• the requirement that stockholders submitting notice of a nomination or proposal to be considered at an annual meeting of our stockholders must
have continuously beneficially owned at least 1% of our outstanding common stock for a period of one year before giving such notice;
43
Table of Contents
• advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a
stockholders’ meeting; and
• the dual class common stock structure in which holders of our Class B common stock have the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring
stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock, including the election of
directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets.
In addition, our restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for
derivative actions, actions asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, actions asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation
Law, our restated certificate of incorporation or restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine.
This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our
directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum
provision contained in our restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated
with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, which may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested
stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing
stockholders. Although we believe these provisions collectively provide for an opportunity to obtain greater value for stockholders by requiring potential
acquirers to negotiate with our board, they would apply even if an offer rejected by our board was considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition,
these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for
stockholders to replace members of our board, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
We recognize the importance of maintaining the trust and confidence of our publishers, buyers, partners, customers, and employees. The Audit
Committee of our Board (“Audit Committee”) is responsible for oversight of the Company’s cybersecurity function and efforts, and receives quarterly
updates from management regarding the Company’s cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices. We address cybersecurity risks, including
internal and external cybersecurity risks as a result of the use of AI, through a comprehensive, cross-functional approach that is focused on preserving the
confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the information that we collect and store by identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and
effectively responding to cybersecurity incidents when they occur. Our cybersecurity risk management program is overseen by our Senior Vice President,
Infrastructure and Security (“SVP Security”), who also serves as our Information Security Officer, our executive management team, and our Board through
the Audit Committee.
Risk Management and Strategy
We maintain a cross-functional cybersecurity program to identify, prevent, and mitigate cybersecurity threats and incidents. The program also includes
implementing controls and procedures that provide for the prompt escalation of certain cybersecurity incidents so that decisions regarding the public
disclosure and reporting of such incidents can be made by management in a timely manner.
Policies and Framework
Our cybersecurity efforts are governed by a set of policies to address data protection and security incident management, and overseen by our Security
Incident Management Team (“SIMT”). Our policies are closely based on recognized frameworks established by the National Institute of Standards and
Technology (“NIST”), the International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”) and other applicable industry standards, and we expect to review them at
least annually. Our information technology standards and infrastructure safeguards include information security standards prescribed for use by NIST,
security measures aligned with the ISO/IEC 27000 series of standards, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SSAE 18/ISAE 3402, privacy regulations compliance,
and other generally recognized industry standards, in each case, designed to safeguard the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our infrastructure and
data and the resiliency of our operations.
44
Table of Contents
In connection with these policies, we deploy technical safeguards that are designed to protect our information systems from cybersecurity threats,
including firewalls, endpoint detection and response, endpoint security, email security, identity and access controls, which are evaluated and improved
through vulnerability assessments and cybersecurity threat intelligence.
We also maintain a risk-based approach to identify and oversee cybersecurity risks presented by third parties, including vendors, service providers and
other external users of our systems, as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely impact our business in the event of a cybersecurity incident
affecting those third-party systems.
Incident Response and Recovery Planning
We have established and maintain incident response and recovery plans and procedures that address our response to a known or potential cybersecurity
incident, including in our systems and those that occur on third-party systems that we use. These plans and procedures include the notification and
escalation processes, the investigation and containment process, the evaluation, review, and remediation process for a known or potential cybersecurity
incident, and a process to assess the materiality of an incident.
Our incident response and recovery planning are overseen by the SIMT and Company personnel who become aware of an incident or potential incident
are required to notify the SIMT. The SIMT is comprised of senior members of management and subject matter experts and is responsible for overseeing our
cybersecurity program and our response to any cybersecurity incidents.
Periodic Review, Testing and Training
In accordance with our policies, we perform periodic assessments and tests of the application of our policies, standards, processes, and practices that
are designed to address cybersecurity threats and incidents. These efforts include a range of activities, including internal audits, assessments, threat
modeling, vulnerability and penetration testing, and other exercises focused on evaluating the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures and planning. We
engage third parties to perform assessments on our cybersecurity measures as a component of our SOX compliance program.
We also provide regular, mandatory training for employees and contractors regarding cybersecurity threats as a means to equip our personnel with
effective knowledge and tools to address cybersecurity threats, including the detection and prevention of “phishing” and other attacks using social
engineering, and to communicate our evolving information security policies, standards, processes, and practices.
Governance
The Board, in coordination with the Audit Committee, oversees our overall enterprise risk management (“ERM”) program, including the management
of risks arising from cybersecurity threats and information security. The Audit Committee receives regular presentations and reports on cybersecurity risks,
which address a wide range of topics including recent developments, evolving standards, vulnerability assessments, the threat environment, technological
trends, and information security considerations arising with respect to our peers and third parties. Since 2024, the Audit Committee has been provided with
updates on our process, procedures, policies and any cybersecurity incidents at least quarterly. In the event of a material incident, or incident that may be
determined to be material, the Audit Committee is informed as soon as reasonably practical and provided regular updates by the SIMT. The Board and the
Audit Committee also receive prompt and timely information regarding any cybersecurity incident that meets established reporting thresholds, as well as
ongoing updates regarding any such incident until it has been addressed. On an annual basis, the Board and the Audit Committee have the opportunity to
discuss our approach to cybersecurity risk management with the SIMT. In 2025, we additionally retained a third-party to conduct a cybersecurity tabletop
exercise where members of the SIMT and other senior leadership were presented with a cybersecurity breach scenario, and had to respond in real time. As
part of our ERM program, we intend to hold annual tabletop exercises across a range of scenarios.
Our SIMT is responsible for preventing, detecting and responding to cybersecurity threats and incidents to the Company, and includes our Chief
Executive Officer (“CEO”), SVP Security, Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), Chief Marketing Officer, Chief Technology Officer (“CTO”), General
Counsel, and other subject matter experts. The SIMT works collaboratively across the Company to implement a program designed to protect our
information systems and offerings from cybersecurity threats and to promptly identify and respond to any cybersecurity incidents in accordance with our
incident response and recovery plans. To facilitate the success of our cybersecurity risk management program, multidisciplinary teams are deployed to
address cybersecurity threats and to respond to cybersecurity incidents. Through ongoing communications with these teams, the SVP, Security and the
SIMT monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents, and report such threats and incidents to our
Board and Audit Committee when appropriate.
45
Table of Contents
The SIMT, together with other internal and external advisors, has developed a Security Incident Management Policy (“Security Policy”) and
Cybersecurity Incident Management Process (“CIM Process”) to help guide our response to any potential cybersecurity incidents or threats. These
documents are reviewed on a periodic basis by the SIMT, and the Audit Committee is apprised of the SIMT’s actions and potential improvements to the
Security Policy and CIM process.
Our SVP Security has a strong background in engineering with over 30 years’ of industry experience in technology and security, and previously
operated one of the world’s largest retail websites instituting and undergoing PCI and HIPAA certifications.
Cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected us, including our business strategy,
results of operations or financial condition. Cybersecurity threats, and their evolving nature, may pose a risk to us and our strategy, results of operations,
and financial condition in the future.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
We lease office and data center space in various cities across North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. We believe that our facilities are adequate to
meet our needs for the immediate future and that, should it be needed, we will be able to secure additional space to accommodate expansion of our
operations.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
On September 8, 2025, we filed a civil action against Google LLC (“Google”) in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia seeking
injunctive relief and damages for monopolistic and anticompetitive behavior in the publisher ad server and ad exchange markets for open-web display
advertising. Given the nature of the case, including that the proceedings are in their early stages, we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of the case.
From time to time, we may become involved in legal or regulatory proceedings, lawsuits and other claims arising in the ordinary course of our
business. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such matters, we cannot state what the eventual outcome of such matters will be.
However, based on our knowledge, we are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, would individually or
taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. Regardless of outcome, litigation can
have an adverse impact on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity and reputational harm, and other
factors. For additional information, see Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
46
Table of Contents
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES
Market Information
Our Class A common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on December 9, 2020 under the symbol “PUBM.” Prior to that date, there was
no public trading market for our Class A common stock. There is no public trading market for our Class B common stock.
Holders of Record
As of January 31, 2026, there were 62 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 71 holders of record of our Class B common stock. Because
many of our shares of Class A common stock are held in street name by brokers and other nominees on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate
the total number of beneficial owners of our Class A common stock represented by these holders of record.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use
in the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to
declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements,
general business conditions, and other factors that our board may deem relevant.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The following table provides information about our repurchases of our Class A common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2025:
Period
October 1, 2025 - October 31, 2025
November 1, 2025 - November 30,
2025
December 1, 2025 - December 31,
2025
Total
Total Number of Shares
Purchased
— $
Average Price Paid Per
Share
(2)
Total Number of Shares
Purchased as Part of
Publicly Announced Plans
or Programs
(1)
— 
51,391 $
9.55 
Approximate Dollar Value
of Shares that May Yet Be
Purchased Under the Plans
or Programs
(1)
— $
51,391 $
— $
51,391 
— 
— $
51,391 
The amounts above do not include the 1% excise tax on stock repurchases enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022.
_______________
94,394,302 
93,903,451 
93,903,451 
(1) On February 28, 2023, we announced the authorization of a share repurchase program for the repurchase of shares of our Class A common stock in an aggregate
amount of up to $75 million through December 31, 2024. On February 26, 2024, we announced the authorization of an additional $100 million under our share
repurchase program for the repurchase of shares of our Class A common stock through December 31, 2025. On May 30, 2025, we announced the authorization of
an additional $100 million under our 2023 Repurchase Program for the repurchase of shares of our Class A common stock through December 31, 2026. As of
December 31, 2025, we had purchased approximately $181.1 million of our Class A common stock.
(2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
The information required by this item will be included in our proxy statement relating to our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed by us
with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the “Proxy Statement”) and is incorporated herein by
reference.
47
Table of Contents
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
None.
Stock Performance Graph
This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into any filing of ours under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on an initial investment of $100 in our Class A common stock between
December 31, 2020 through December 31, 2025, with the comparative cumulative total returns of the Nasdaq Composite Index, the Nasdaq US Benchmark
Software and Computer Services TR Index and the Nasdaq CTA Internet Total Return Index over the same period. We have not paid any cash dividends:
therefore, the cumulative total return calculation for us is based solely upon stock price appreciation and not the reinvestment of cash dividends, whereas
the data for the comparative indexes assumes reinvestments of dividends. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not indicative of, nor
intended to forecast, future stock price performance.
ITEM 6. [RESERVED]
Not applicable.
48
Table of Contents
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based
upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could
cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors”
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Overview
We are an independent, artificial intelligence-powered advertising technology company that delivers digital advertising performance. Our mission is to
fuel the endless potential of Internet content creators and to enable a thriving, advertisement-funded digital ecosystem where global audiences can gain free
or affordable access to information and entertainment.
Our integrated technology platform connects buyers, publishers, data providers, and commerce media networks on a single, unified platform, to deliver
advertising performance, control, transparency and efficiency. Our platform empowers the world’s leading digital content creators (which we collectively
refer to as “publishers”) to maximize monetization of their advertising inventory and audiences and provides control and transparency to buyers, which
includes advertisers, agencies, agency trading desks, and demand side platforms (“DSPs”), which we collectively refer to as “buyers”.
We continue to focus on the strengths that we believe provide us with long-term competitive advantages. These strengths include our global,
omnichannel reach which targets a diverse set of publishers touching many ad formats and digital device types, including mobile app, mobile web, desktop,
display, video, over-the-top video/connected TV (“OTT/CTV”), and rich media. Additionally, as an independent infrastructure provider prioritizing
transparency, we can be more closely aligned with both publishers and buyers which has enabled us to create bespoke products that meet our customers’
needs. We have also maintained a demonstrated track record of stability and agility to address changes in market conditions and provide superior outcomes
for both publishers and buyers. Finally, we have designed our technology to efficiently process real-time advertising transactions while leveraging data to
optimize outcomes for publishers and buyers. We own and operate our software and hardware infrastructure globally, which saves significant infrastructure
expenditures as compared to public cloud alternatives.
Industry Trends and Macroeconomic Factors
The digital advertising ecosystem continues to evolve and adapt at a rapid pace. Some noted trends include the continued growth of digital media
across multiple platforms, an increased focus on performance driven media, and a desire for transparency and control throughout the supply chain from
both the buyers and publishers. In addition, rapidly evolving data and privacy regulations and industry standards continue to impact our business.
Additionally, recent macroeconomic uncertainty, including adopted or proposed changes in the trade policies and tariff rates of the United States and
international trade partners, slowing domestic growth, economic recession concerns, interest rate fluctuations, volatility in domestic and international
equity and debt markets, foreign currency fluctuation and weakening of the U.S. Dollar, and persistent inflation in the U.S. and other markets globally,
continue to create economic volatility and dislocation in the capital and credit markets in the U.S. and globally. To date, we have not observed material
impacts in our business or outlook, but we intend to continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions closely and may determine to take certain financial or
operational actions in response to such conditions to the extent our business begins to be adversely impacted.
See “Risk Factors” for further discussion of the risks related to inflation, volatile interest rates, foreign currency fluctuations and public health crises on
our business.
49
Table of Contents
Financial Results Overview
The table below summarizes the financial highlights of our business:
Revenue
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023
(in thousands)
$
Operating income (loss)
Net income (loss)
$
282,926 $
(17,259) $
291,256 $
3,927 $
267,014 
2,036 
$
Adjusted EBITDA
(1)
Net cash provided by operating activities
$
(14,462) $
61,640 $
12,504 $
92,325 $
8,881 
75,309 
$
_______________
81,059 $
73,425 $
81,121 
(1) For a definition of Adjusted EBITDA, an explanation of our management’s use of this measure, and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), see
“Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below.
Our Strategy and Performance
We believe our growth and financial performance are dependent on many factors, including those described below.
Attract New Customers and Expand our Relationship with Existing Customers Globally
We leverage our extensive platform capabilities and the subject matter expertise of our team members to grow revenue from our publishers and
increase advertising spending from our buyers. Our sales and marketing team includes customer success pods to enhance customer knowledge and
implementation of best practices. Once we onboard a new customer, we seek to expand our relationship with existing publishers by establishing multiple
header bidding integrations by leveraging our omnichannel capabilities to maximize our access to publishers’ ad formats and devices, and expanding into
the various properties that a publisher may own around the world. We may also sell additional products to publisher customers including our header
bidding management, identity, and audience solutions. We automate workflow processes whenever feasible to drive predictable and value-added outcomes
for our customers and increase productivity of our organization.
Net dollar-based retention rate is an important indicator of publisher satisfaction and usage of our platform, as well as potential revenue for future
periods. We calculate our net dollar-based retention rate at the end of each year. We calculate our net dollar-based retention rate by starting with the revenue
from publishers in the last prior year (“Prior Period Revenue”). We then calculate the revenue from these same publishers in the current year (“Current
Period Revenue”). Current Period Revenue includes any upsells and is net of contraction or attrition, but excludes revenue from new publishers.
Our net dollar-based retention rate equals the Current Period Revenue divided by Prior Period Revenue. Our net dollar-based retention rate was 96%
for the year ended December 31, 2025, and 107% for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Expansion of SPO Agreements and Activate
We work with DSPs to help them reduce their costs and improve advertiser ROI, which in turn makes us the specialized cloud infrastructure platform
of choice for many of our buying partners. We depend upon a limited number of large DSPs for a large percentage of impressions purchased and our
business results, including revenues, may be impacted by changes in their pricing strategies, bidding algorithms or go-to market efforts. As buyers
increasingly consolidate their spending with fewer larger technology platforms, we seek to bring an increased proportion of their digital ad spending to our
platform through direct deals. Supply Path Optimization (“SPO”) continues to be a major growth driver for us as we add new SPO relationships and
expand existing ones. We have been investing in SPO technology and partnerships for six years and SPO represented approximately 55% of total activity
for the year ended December 31, 2025.
50
Table of Contents
Monetization Excellence
We focus on monetizing digital impressions by coordinating over a hundred billion real-time auctions and nearly a trillion bids globally on a daily
basis, using our specialized cloud software, machine learning algorithms, and scaled transaction infrastructure. Valuable ad impressions are transparent and
data rich, viewable by humans, and verifiable. Each ad impression we auction consists of 722 independent data parameters, which can yield valuable
insights if recorded and analyzed properly. This processing of voluminous data for each ad impression must occur in less than half a second as consumers
expect a seamless digital ad experience. We continually assess impressions from new and existing publishers through a rigorous validation process. We add
or remove impressions from our platform based on an assessment of the projected value of the impressions, which is influenced by the type of publisher
and its related consumers, as well as the potential volume of monetizable impressions and ad format types, such as digital video. We continuously create
and iterate algorithms that leverage vast datasets flowing through our infrastructure to improve the liquidity in our marketplace. Our ability to drive
successful outcomes in the real-time auction process on behalf of our publishers and buyers will affect our operating results.
Infrastructure Platform Efficiency
We have a track record of expanding the capacity of our infrastructure platform, while maintaining or reducing the corresponding costs related to
processing impressions transacted on our platform on a per impression basis. We expect to continue to invest in both software and hardware infrastructure
to continue growing the number of valuable ad impressions we process on our platform.
Our recent growth has been driven by a variety of factors including increased access to mobile web (display and video) and mobile app (display and
video) impressions and desktop video impressions. Our performance is affected by our ability to maintain and grow our access to valuable ad impressions
from current publishers as well as through new relationships with publishers. The number of ad impressions processed on our platform was approximately
74.7 trillion, 77.7 trillion, 86.8 trillion, and 97.6 trillion for each of the three months ended March 31, 2025, June 30, 2025, September 30, 2025, and
December 31, 2025, respectively, as compared to 57.9 trillion, 60.7 trillion, 69.8 trillion, and 74.7 trillion for each of the three months ended March 31,
2024, June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Key Components of Our Results of Operations
Revenue
Our platform and suite of solutions serve four primary customer types: publishers, buyers, data partners and curators, and retail and commerce media
participants. Through these customers, we generate revenue primarily through fees charged to our publishers, which are generally a percentage of the value
of the advertising impressions that publishers monetize on the platform. We also generate revenues from our other products such as OpenWrap, our header
bidding solution, and Connect, our solution that provides additional data and insights to buyers, which are sold separate from or in conjunction with use of
our platform. In 2023, we launched Activate, which allows buyers to execute direct deals on our platform with publisher inventory, and Convert, our
commerce media solution.
We report revenue on a net basis. This represents gross billings to buyers, net of amounts we pay publishers and rebates associated with SPO
agreements with buyers. We record our accounts receivable at the amount of gross billings to buyers, net of allowances, for the amounts we are responsible
to collect, and we record our accounts payable at the net amount payable to publishers. Accordingly, both accounts receivable and accounts payable appear
large in relation to revenue, which is reported on a net basis.
Our revenue recognition policies are discussed in more detail under “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates.”
Cost of Revenue
Cost of revenue consists of data center co-location costs, depreciation expense related to hardware supporting our platform, amortization expense
related to capitalized internal-use software development costs, personnel costs, and allocated facilities costs. Personnel costs include salaries, bonuses,
stock-based compensation, and employee benefit costs, and are primarily attributable to our cloud operations group, which maintains our servers, and our
client operations group, which is responsible for the integration of new publishers and buyers and providing customer support for existing customers.
51
Table of Contents
Operating Expenses
Technology and Development. Technology and development expenses consist of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses, stock-based
compensation, and employee benefits costs, allocated facilities costs, and professional services. These expenses include costs incurred in the development,
implementation and maintenance of internal-use software, including platform and related infrastructure. We expend technology and development costs as
incurred, except to the extent that such costs are associated with internal-use software development that qualifies for capitalization. We expect technology
and development expenses to generally increase in absolute dollars in future periods.
Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, and employee
benefits costs, for our employees engaged in sales, sales support, marketing, business development, and customer relationship functions. Sales and
marketing expenses also include expenses related to promotional, advertising and marketing activities, allocated facilities costs, travel, and entertainment
primarily related to sales activity and professional services. We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars in future periods.
General and Administrative. General and administrative expenses consist of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation,
and employee benefits costs for our executive, finance, legal, human resources, information technology, and other administrative employees. General and
administrative expenses also include outside consulting, legal and accounting services, allocated facilities costs, and travel and entertainment primarily
related to inter-office travel and conferences.
Total Other Income (expense), Net
Total other income (expense), net consists of interest income and other income (expense), net. Interest income is generated by investing excess cash
into money market accounts and marketable securities. Other income (expense), net consists primarily of gains and losses from foreign currency exchange
transactions.
Provision for Income Taxes
The provision for income taxes consists primarily of federal, state, and foreign income taxes. Our income tax may be significantly affected by changes
to our estimates for tax in jurisdictions in which we operate and other estimates utilized in determining the global effective tax rate. Actual results may also
differ from our estimates based on changes in economic conditions. Such changes could have a substantial impact on the income tax provision. We
reevaluate the judgments surrounding our estimates and make adjustments, as appropriate, each reporting period.
Our effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate due to state taxes, foreign tax rate differences, technology and
development tax credits, Section 162(m) limitation, and stock-based compensation.
Realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent primarily on the generation of future taxable income. In considering the need for a valuation
allowance, we consider our historical, as well as future projected, taxable income along with other objectively verifiable evidence. Objectively verifiable
evidence includes our realization of tax attributes, assessment of tax credits, and utilization of net operating loss carryforwards during the year.
52
Table of Contents
Results of Operations
The following tables set forth our consolidated results of operations data (in thousands) and such data as a percentage of revenue for the periods
presented. The period-to-period comparison of results is not necessarily indicative of results for future periods.
Year Ended December 31,
2025 2024 2023
Consolidated Statements of Operations:
Revenue $ 282,926 $ 291,256 $ 267,014 
Cost of revenue 103,085 101,027 99,229 
Gross profit 179,841 190,229 167,785 
Operating expenses :  
Technology and development 33,820 33,263 26,727 
Sales and marketing 102,940 95,369 82,803 
General and administrative 60,340 57,670 56,219 
Total operating expenses 197,100 186,302 165,749 
Operating income (loss) (17,259) 3,927 2,036 
Total other income, net 1,305 13,847 8,469 
Income (loss) before income taxes (15,954) 17,774 10,505 
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (1,492) 5,270 1,624 
Net income (loss) $ (14,462) $ 12,504 $ 8,881 
_______________
(1) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense before tax benefit as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
2025 2024 2023
(in thousands)
Cost of revenue $ 1,854 $ 1,855 $ 1,472 
Technology and development 6,088 6,313 4,346 
Sales and marketing 13,703 13,407 10,462 
General and administrative 16,733 16,101 12,582 
Total stock-based compensation expense $ 38,378 $ 37,676 $ 28,862 
Year Ended December 31,
2025 2024 2023
(as percentage of revenue)
Revenue 100 % 100 % 100 %
Cost of revenue 36 35 37 
Gross profit 64 65 63 
Operating expenses:
Technology and development 12 11 10 
Sales and marketing 36 33 31 
General and administrative 21 20 21 
Total operating expenses 69 64 62 
Operating income (loss) (5) 1 1 
Total other income (expense), net — 5 3 
Income (loss) before income taxes (5) 6 4 
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes — 2 1 
Net income (loss) (5)% 4 % 3 %
(1)
(1)
53
Table of Contents
Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2025 and 2024
Revenue, Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit
Revenue
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
$ Change
% Change
(dollars in thousands)
$
282,926 
Cost of revenue
103,085 
$
179,841 
$
291,256 
101,027 
$
(8,330)
2,058 
(3)%
2 %
Gross profit
Gross profit margin
$
64 %
190,229 
65 %
$
(10,388)
(5)%
Revenue decreased $8.3 million, or (3)%, in 2025 as compared to 2024. Our revenues in 2025 were primarily driven by impressions processed on our
platform, new revenue streams, and growth in customer relationships. The revenue decline in 2025 as compared to 2024 was primarily due to
approximately $14.2 million from incremental political spend in the United States in 2024 due to the United States presidential election. Revenues for the
year ended 2025 were also negatively impacted by platform changes implemented by one of our large DSP buyers in the second half of 2024 and
subsequently platform changes implemented by another DSP buyer in the second half of 2025. These decreases were offset by an increase in growth of
CTV (excluding the impact from political spend), mobile, and new revenue streams.
For the year ended 2025, we served approximately 1,980 publishers worldwide on our platform, compared to approximately 1,900 publishers
worldwide for the year ended 2024. We ended fiscal 2025 with approximately 50 net new publishers, which represented over 64,000 domains and 44,000
apps in total, compared to approximately 100 new publishers in 2024, which represented approximately 60,000 domains and 27,000 apps in total. For
purposes of our publisher count, we aggregate multiple business accounts from separate divisions, segments or subsidiaries into a single “master” publisher
based on our assessment of the related nature of the group.
We expect revenue to increase in 2026, primarily driven by growth in mobile and connected video (OTT/CTV), and new revenue streams including AI
products. Additionally, we expect our revenues to be affected by macroeconomic conditions, and will continue to be impacted by the bidding methodology
changes implemented by one of our buyers in the near term. The magnitude of these impacts on our future revenues is difficult to predict.
Cost of revenue increased $2.1 million, primarily due to a $4.2 million increase in amortization of internal use software and a $3.5 million increase in
data center costs, offset by a $5.5 million decrease in depreciation of data center equipment. Overall, our cost of revenue per impression processed in 2025
decreased by 20% compared to 2024.
Our gross margin of 64% in 2025 decreased compared to 2024 of 65% due to a higher decline in revenue as opposed to the increase in cost of revenue.
We expect the cost of revenue to be higher in 2026 compared to 2025 in absolute dollars primarily due to increases in our data center costs as well as
increases in software, hardware, and equipment maintenance to support the data centers.
Technology and Development
Technology and development
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
(dollars in thousands)
$
$ Change
% Change
33,820 
Percent of revenue
12 %
$
33,263 
11 %
$
557 
2 %
The increase in technology and development costs was primarily due to an increase of $1.2 million in personnel costs, offset by a $0.6 million increase
in the capitalization of internal use software.
We expect technology and development expenses in 2026 to be flat compared to 2025 in absolute dollars.
54
Table of Contents
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
(dollars in thousands)
$
$ Change
% Change
102,940 
Percent of revenue
36 %
$
95,369 
33 %
$
7,571 
8 %
Sales and marketing costs increased primarily due to a $6.0 million increase in personnel costs associated with a headcount increase by 9%, a $1.1
million increase in facilities costs, and an increase in travel and entertainment expenses of $0.9 million, offset by a decrease in marketing expenses of $0.5
million.
We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in 2026 compared to 2025 in absolute dollars primarily due to additional headcount investment
and marketing programs.
General and Administrative
General and administrative
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
(dollars in thousands)
$
$ Change
% Change
60,340 
Percent of revenue
21 %
$
57,670 
20 %
$
2,670 
5 %
General and administrative expense increased primarily due to a $1.0 million increase in facilities costs, a $0.9 million increase in personnel costs, and
a $0.6 million increase in property taxes.
We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in 2026 compared to 2025 in absolute dollars primarily due to increases in litigation related
expenses.
Total Other Income (Expense), net
Interest income
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
(dollars in thousands)
$
$ Change
% Change
5,455 $
Other income (expense, net)
Total other income (expense), net
(4,150)
$
8,477 
5,370 
1,305 $
13,847 $
(12,542)
(91)%
Total other income (expense), net decreased for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the prior year period. Interest income decreased due
to the decrease in interest rates and a decrease in holdings in marketable securities. Other income (expense), net for the year ended December 31, 2024
included approximately $4.0 million recognized as other income from the Google Privacy Sandbox initiative, in connection with their previous initiative to
phase out the use of third-party cookies. Other income (expense), net, also decreased due to foreign currency fluctuations for the year ended December 31,
2025 compared to the prior year period.
Provision For (Benefit From) Income Taxes
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
(dollars in thousands)
$
$ Change
% Change
(1,492) $
5,270 $
(6,762)
(128)%
The difference between the effective tax rate in 2025 of 9% and the federal statutory income tax rate of 21% was primarily due to foreign derived
intangible income (FDII) deduction and federal research and development credit, partially offset by stock-based compensation, Section 162(m) limitation,
and acquisition-related costs.
The difference between the effective tax rate in 2024 of 30% and the federal statutory income tax rate of 21% was primarily due to state taxes, Section
162(m) limitation, and acquisition-related costs partially offset by foreign derived intangible income (FDII) deduction and federal research and
development credit.
55
Table of Contents
For discussion on comparison of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, please refer to Part II, Item 7, “Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2024.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In addition to our results determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), including, in particular, operating
income (loss), net cash provided by operating activities, and net income (loss), we believe that Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, is useful in
evaluating our operating performance. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) adjusted for stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and
amortization, litigation related expenses, interest income, and provision for (benefit from) income taxes.
The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) for each of the periods indicated:
Year Ended December 31,
2025
Net income (loss)
2024
(in thousands)
2023
$
Add back (deduct):
Stock-based compensation
(14,462) $
12,504 $
8,881 
38,378 
Depreciation and amortization
Litigation related expenses
(1)
43,769 
37,676 
45,352 
28,862 
44,770 
902 
Interest income
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes
(5,455)
— 
(8,477)
— 
(8,828)
(1,492)
5,270 
1,624 
Adjusted EBITDA
$
61,640 $
92,325 $
75,309 
_______________
(1) Litigation related expenses represents external legal fees and other expenses, net of insurance recoveries, associated with pending litigation that arose outside of
the ordinary course of business. These costs related to a discrete matter, and are not representative of our underlying operating performance. We do not adjust for
legal expenses incurred in our ordinary course of business.
In addition to operating income (loss) and net income (loss), we use Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of operational efficiency. We believe that this
non-GAAP financial measure is useful to investors for period to period comparisons of our business and in understanding and evaluating our operating
results for the following reasons:
• Adjusted EBITDA is widely used by investors and securities analysts to measure a company’s operating performance without regard to items such
as stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, provision for income taxes, and certain one-time items
such as impairments of long-lived assets, that can vary substantially from company to company depending upon their financing, capital structures
and the method by which assets were acquired;
• Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA in conjunction with GAAP financial measures for planning purposes, including the preparation of our
annual operating budget, as a measure of operating performance and the effectiveness of our business strategies and in communications with our
board of directors concerning our financial performance; and
• Adjusted EBITDA provides consistency and comparability with our past financial performance, facilitates period-to-period comparisons of
operations, and also facilitates comparisons with other peer companies, many of which use similar non-GAAP financial measures to supplement
their GAAP results.
Our use of this non-GAAP financial measure has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for
analysis of our financial results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are as follows:
• Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect: (a) changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; (b) the potentially dilutive impact of
stock-based compensation; or (c) tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us;
56
Table of Contents
• Although depreciation and amortization expense are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the
future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure
requirements; and
• Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure.
Because of these and other limitations, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA along with other GAAP-based financial performance measures,
including net income and our GAAP financial results.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
We have financed our operations and capital expenditures primarily through utilization of cash generated from operations. As of December 31, 2025,
we had cash and cash equivalents of $145.5 million and net working capital, consisting of current assets less current liabilities, of $146.8 million.
We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, and anticipated net cash provided by operating activities, together with available borrowings under our
credit facility, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, if our operating performance during the
next 12 months is below our expectations, our liquidity and ability to operate our business could be adversely affected. Our future capital requirements and
the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including those set forth under “Risk Factors.”
Cash Flows
The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented:
Net cash provided by operating activities
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023
(in thousands)
$
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
Net cash used in financing activities
81,059 $
6,072 
73,425 $
22,314 
81,121 
(39,018)
(42,731)
Effect of foreign currency on cash
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
666 
(73,478)
(318)
(55,976)
— 
$
Operating Activities
45,066 $
21,943 $
(13,873)
Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily influenced by growth in our operations, increases or decreases in collections from our buyers
and related payments to our publishers, as well as our investment in personnel to support the anticipated growth of our business. Cash flows from operating
activities have been affected by changes in our working capital, particularly changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable. The timing of cash
receipts from buyers and payments to publishers can significantly impact our cash flows from operating activities. In addition, we expect seasonality to
impact quarterly cash flows from operating activities.
For the year ended December 31, 2025, net cash provided by operating activities of $81.1 million resulted primarily from adjustments for non-cash
expenses of $73.1 million, including $43.8 million for depreciation and amortization, $38.4 million for stock-based compensation, and $14.5 million for
deferred income taxes, and a decrease in accounts receivable of $66.6 million, partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable of $42.4 million.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, net cash provided by operating activities of $73.4 million resulted primarily from net income of $12.5 million,
adjustments for non-cash expenses of $74.7 million, including $45.4 million for depreciation and amortization, $37.7 million for stock-based
compensation, and $11.0 million for deferred income taxes, and an increase in accounts receivable of $49.3 million, partially offset by an increase in
accounts payable of $38.1 million.
Investing Activities
Our investing activities primarily included investments in marketable securities, purchases of equipment as we expanded the infrastructure in our third
party data centers, and capitalized internal-use software costs in support of enhancing our platform. Purchases of property and equipment may vary from
period-to-period due to the timing of the expansion of our data centers, the addition of headcount, and the development cycles of our software development.
As our business grows, we expect our capital expenditures and our investment activity to continue to increase.
57
Table of Contents
For the year ended December 31, 2025, net cash provided by investing activities was $6.1 million of cash, consisting of a net inflows from investments
of marketable securities of $13.8 million, sales of marketable securities prior to maturity of $27.1 million, offset by $14.3 million in purchases of property
and equipment (primarily data center infrastructure), and $20.5 million of investments in capitalized internal use software.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, net cash provided by investing activities was $22.3 million, consisting of a net inflows from investments of
marketable securities of $60.8 million, offset by $17.6 million in purchases of property and equipment (primarily data center infrastructure), and $20.9
million of investments in capitalized internal use software.
Financing Activities
For the year ended December 31, 2025, net cash used in financing activities of $42.7 million was primarily due to $46.5 million in stock repurchases,
offset by $1.8 million proceeds from stock option exercises and $2.1 million proceeds from the employee stock purchase plan.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, net cash used in financing activities of $73.5 million was primarily due to $75.3 million in stock repurchases
and $2.1 million in payment of a business combination indemnification holdback, offset by $1.8 million in proceeds from stock option exercises and $2.4
million in proceeds from the employee stock purchase plan.
For discussion on operating, investing, and financing activities of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, see the Liquidity and Capital Resources
section disclosed in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
which was filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024 and hereby incorporated by reference herein and considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
only to the extent referenced.
Contractual Obligations and Future Cash Requirements
Our principal contractual obligations consist of non-cancelable leases for our various facilities. In certain cases, the terms of the lease agreements
provide for rental payments that increase over time.
The following table summarizes our contractual obligations, at December 31, 2025 (in thousands):
Payments due by period
Total
Less than 1 year
1 - 3 years
3 - 5 years
More than 5 years
Other contractual obligations
(1)
$
75,520 $
40,241 $
Operating lease liabilities
Finance lease liabilities
54,883 
352 
9,019 
35,154 $
16,466 
125 $
8,990 
— 
20,408 
153 
199 
— 
— 
Total
$
130,755 $
49,413 $
51,819 $
9,115 $
20,408 
______________
(1) Other contractual obligations consist primarily of contractual obligations to third-party data center providers.
As of December 31, 2025, we had $6.2 million of long-term income tax liabilities, including interest, related to uncertain tax positions. Because of the
high degree of uncertainty regarding the settlement of these liabilities, we are unable to estimate the years in which future cash outflows may occur. As a
result, this amount is not included in the contractual obligations table above.
Credit Facilities
On October 17, 2022, we entered into a Senior Secured Credit Facilities Credit Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) with the several lenders parties
thereto, and Silicon Valley Bank, as administrative agent, lead arranger, issuing lender, and swingline lender. The Credit Agreement provides a revolving
credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $110.0 million (“the Revolving Credit Facility”), including a $25.0 million letter of credit sub-facility
and a $25.0 million swingline sub-facility. We may, subject to certain customary conditions, on one or more occasions increase commitments under the
Revolving Credit Facility in an amount not to exceed $90.0 million in the aggregate (the “Incremental Facility”). Each Lender will have discretion to
determine whether it will participate in any Incremental Facility. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets.
The Credit Agreement matures on October 17, 2027.
58
Table of Contents
Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility accrue interest at rates equal, at our election, to (i) the adjusted term secured overnight financing rate
(“SOFR”), which is defined as (a) the applicable term SOFR plus (b) a term SOFR adjustment equal to 0.20% per annum, plus the applicable margin for
such loans, or (ii) the alternate base rate (“ABR”), which is defined as the highest of (a) the prime rate in effect from time to time, (b) the federal funds
effective rate in effect from time to time plus 0.50%, and (c) the adjusted term SOFR for a one (1) month tenor in effect from time to time plus 1.0%, plus
the applicable margin for such loans. The applicable margin for borrowings bearing interest on the SOFR ranges from 2.00% to 2.75%, and the applicable
margin for borrowings bearing interest based on the ABR ranges from 1.00% to 1.75%. We will pay a quarterly commitment fee during the term of the
Credit Agreement for the non-use of available funds ranging from 0.25% to 0.35%. As of December 31, 2025, the applicable interest rate under the
Revolving Credit Facility was 7.75%. We had no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2025.
The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants. Negative covenants
include, among others, limitations on incurrence of indebtedness, liens, disposition of property and investments by us and our subsidiaries. In addition, the
Credit Agreement requires us to maintain certain interest coverage, leverage and senior leverage ratios.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reported, disclosures about contingent assets and liabilities, and reported
amounts of revenue and expenses. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, and adjust
those estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. Actual results could materially differ from these estimates and assumptions.
We believe estimates and assumptions associated with the evaluation of revenue recognition criteria, including the determination of revenue reporting
as net versus gross in our revenue arrangements, as well as internal use software development costs, fair values of stock-based awards, and income taxes
have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and
estimates.
Revenue Recognition
We generate revenue through the monetization of publisher ad impressions processed on our platform. Our platform allows publishers to sell, in real
time, ad impressions to buyers and provides automated inventory management and monetization tools to publishers across various device types and digital
ad formats. We charge publishers a fee, which is typically a percentage of the value of the impressions monetized through our platform.
We maintain agreements with each publisher and buyer in the form of written service agreements, which set out the terms of the relationship, including
payment terms (typically ninety days or less) and access to our platform.
We invoice buyers for publisher digital advertising inventory purchased through its platform. We recognize revenue when a bid is won and a buyer
purchases inventory on our platform. We estimate and record reductions to revenue for volume discounts based on expected volumes during the incentive
term.
The determination as to whether revenue should be reported gross of amounts billed to buyers (gross basis) or net of payments to publishers (net basis)
requires significant judgment, and is based on our assessment of whether we are acting as the principal or an agent in the transaction. We have determined
that we do not act as the principal in the purchase and sale of digital advertising inventory because we do not control the advertising inventory and do not
set the price which is the result of an auction within the marketplace. Based on these and other factors, we report revenue on a net basis. See “Part II - Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2” for more information on revenue recognition.
We generally invoice buyers at the end of each month for the full purchase price of ad impressions monetized in that month. Accounts receivable are
recorded at the amount of gross billings for the amounts we are responsible to collect, and accounts payable are recorded at the net amount payable to
publishers. Accordingly, both accounts receivable and accounts payable appear large in relation to revenue reported on a net basis.
59
Table of Contents
Internal Use Software Development Costs
We capitalize certain internal use software development costs associated with creating and enhancing internal use software related to our platform and
technology infrastructure. These costs include personnel and related employee benefits expenses for employees who are directly associated with and who
devote time to software projects, and external direct costs of materials and services consumed in developing or obtaining the software. We expense
software development costs that do not meet the criteria for capitalization as incurred and record them in technology and development expenses in the
consolidated statements of operations.
Software development activities generally consist of three stages: (i) the planning stage; (ii) the application and infrastructure development stage; and
(iii) the post implementation stage. Costs incurred in the planning and post implementation stages of software development, including costs associated with
the post configuration training and repairs and maintenance of the developed technologies, are expensed as incurred. We capitalize costs associated with
software developed for internal use when both the preliminary project stage is completed and management has authorized further funding for the
completion of the project. We capitalize costs incurred in the application and infrastructure development stages, including significant enhancements and
upgrades. Capitalization ends once a project is substantially complete and the software and technologies are ready for their intended purpose. We amortize
internal use software development costs using a straight-line method over the estimated useful life of two to five years, commencing when the software is
ready for its intended use.
On an ongoing basis, we assess if the estimated remaining useful lives of capitalized projects continue to be reasonable based on the remaining
expected benefit and usage. If the remaining useful life of a capitalized project is revised, it is accounted for as a change in estimate and the remaining
unamortized cost of the underlying asset is amortized prospectively over the updated remaining useful life.
Income Taxes
Our income tax provision may be significantly affected by changes to our estimates for tax in jurisdictions in which we operate and other estimates
utilized in determining the global effective tax rate. Actual results may also differ from our estimate based on changes in economic conditions. Such
changes could have a substantial impact on the income tax provision. We evaluate the judgments surrounding our estimates and make adjustments, as
appropriate, each reporting period.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon the net effects of the differences between the consolidated financial statements
carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rate expected to apply to taxable income in the years in
which the differences are expected to be reversed. A valuation allowance is used to reduce some or all of the deferred tax assets if, based upon the weight
of available evidence, it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets will not be realized.
We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by
the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions
are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized. We recognize interest and penalties accrued related
to our uncertain tax positions in our income tax provision in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, for recently issued accounting pronouncements not
yet adopted.
60
Table of Contents
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include:
Interest Rate Risk
We had cash and cash equivalents of $145.5 million as of December 31, 2025, which consisted of bank deposits, money market accounts and
commercial paper. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing income without significantly increasing
risk. Because our cash and cash equivalents have a relatively short maturity, our portfolio’s fair value is relatively insensitive to interest rate changes. Our
line of credit is at variable interest rates. We had no amounts outstanding under our credit facility as of December 31, 2025. We do not believe that an
increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points would have a material effect on our operating results or financial condition. In future periods, we
will continue to evaluate our investment policy relative to our overall objectives.
Currency Exchange Risk
Our consolidated results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Historically, the
majority of our buyer contracts have been denominated in U.S. Dollars while our publisher contracts have been primarily denominated in U.S. Dollars as
well as the Euro, British Pound, and Australian Dollar. Additionally, our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which our operations are
located, primarily the U.S. Dollar, Indian Rupee, British Pound, and Euro. In the event our foreign sales and expenses increase, our operating results may
be more greatly affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which can affect our operating income (loss). A hypothetical 10% change in the
U.S. Dollar to India Rupee exchange rate could result in a change of $2.2 million in our operating income (loss) for each of the years ended December 31,
2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. A hypothetical 10% change in the U.S. Dollar to British Pound exchange rate could result in a change of
$2.3 million and $2.1 million in our operating income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
Inflation Risk
We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If our costs were to become
subject to significant inflationary pressures, for example in India or increases in data center base costs, we might not be able to fully offset such higher
costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
61
Table of Contents
ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
PUBMATIC, INC.
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 34)
Page
63
Consolidated Balance Sheets 65
Consolidated Statements of Operations
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity
66
67
68
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 69
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 70
62
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of PubMatic, Inc.
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PubMatic, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024,
the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We have also audited the Company's internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company’s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
63
Table of Contents
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or
required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2)
involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical
audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Revenue Recognition — Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company generates revenue through the monetization of publisher ad impressions on its platform. The Company charges publishers a fee, which is
typically a percentage of the value of the ad impressions monetized through the platform. The Company recognizes revenue when a bid is won and a buyer
purchases digital advertising inventory on its platform. The Company reports revenue net of payments to publishers. For the year ended December 31,
2025, the Company’s revenue was $282.9 million.
We identified revenue as a critical audit matter because there is a significant audit effort required in performing our audit procedures, which include
evaluating and testing the Company’s process, systems, and controls related to the revenue cycle.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to the Company’s revenue included the following, among others:
• We tested the effectiveness of controls related to the revenue cycle, including (i) general information technology (IT) controls over relevant
systems used to process and record advertising transactions, including testing of user access controls, change management controls, and IT
operations controls and (ii) controls in place to reconcile the various systems to the Company’s general ledger and to address the accuracy and
completeness of data used to recognize revenue.
• We generated synthetic transactions and traced the recording of these transactions into the Company’s systems to understand how revenue
transactions are captured, processed, and aggregated.
• We used data analytics to inspect journal entries and identify relationships in the revenue population to (i) identify significant relationships in the
revenue population and (ii) understand significant relationships and related accounts affecting revenue.
• We performed audit procedures on those related accounts determined to have a significant relationship with revenue, including sending
confirmations to customers for a selection of accounts which included the receivable balances and related impression count for each selection, and
selecting a sample of publisher payables and performing subsequent disbursements testing.
• We performed a proof of cash reconciliation that reconciled cash to revenue and related revenue accounts.
/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
San Jose, California
February 26, 2026
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2012.
64
Table of Contents
PUBMATIC, INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In thousands, except par values)
December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 145,518 $ 100,452 
Marketable securities — 40,135 
Accounts receivable, net 358,240 424,814 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 18,889 10,145 
Total current assets 522,647 575,546 
Property, equipment and software - net 52,657 58,522 
Operating lease right-of-use assets 38,149 44,402 
Acquisition-related intangible assets, net 2,704 4,284 
Goodwill 29,577 29,577 
Deferred income tax asset 30,986 24,864 
Other assets, non-current 3,475 2,324 
TOTAL ASSETS $ 680,195 $ 739,519 
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Accounts payable $ 343,619 $ 386,602 
Accrued liabilities 25,278 26,365 
Operating lease liabilities, current 6,953 5,843 
Total current liabilities 375,850 418,810 
Operating lease liabilities, non-current 36,910 39,538 
Other liabilities, non-current 4,846 3,908 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 417,606 462,256 
Commitments and contingencies (Note 8)
Stockholders' Equity
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 10,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2025 and 2024; No
shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 — — 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share; 1,000,000 Class A shares authorized as of December 31, 2025 and
2024; 51,029 shares issued and 38,624 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2025; 48,177 shares issued and
39,860 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2024; 1,000,000 Class B shares authorized as of December 31,
2025 and 2024; 11,404 shares issued and 8,263 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2025; 11,382 shares
issued and 8,241 outstanding as of December 31, 2024 7 6 
Treasury stock, at cost; 15,546 and 11,458 shares as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively (193,471) (146,796)
Additional paid-in capital 321,062 275,304 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 68 (636)
Retained earnings 134,923 149,385 
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 262,589 277,263 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 680,195 $ 739,519 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
65
Table of Contents
Revenue
PUBMATIC, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(In thousands, except per share data)
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023
$
Cost of revenue
282,926 $
103,085 
291,256 $
101,027 
267,014 
99,229 
Gross profit
179,841 
Operating expenses:
Technology and development
190,229 
167,785 
33,820 
Sales and marketing
General and administrative
102,940 
33,263 
95,369 
26,727 
82,803 
60,340 
57,670 
56,219 
Total operating expenses
Operating income (loss)
197,100 
186,302 
165,749 
(17,259)
Interest income
Other income (expense), net
5,455 
3,927 
8,477 
2,036 
8,828 
(4,150)
5,370 
(359)
Total other income, net
Income (loss) before income taxes
1,305 
13,847 
8,469 
(15,954)
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes
(1,492)
17,774 
5,270 
10,505 
1,624 
Net income (loss)
$
(14,462) $
12,504 $
8,881 
Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders:
Basic
$
(0.31) $
0.25 $
0.17 
Diluted
$
(0.31) $
0.23 $
0.16 
Weighted-average shares used to compute net income (loss) per share attributable to
common stockholders:
Basic
Diluted
47,008 
49,213 
51,760 
47,008 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
66
54,294 
56,027 
Table of Contents
Net income (loss)
PUBMATIC, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
(In thousands)
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023
$
(14,462) $
12,504 $
8,881 
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Unrealized gain on marketable securities, net of tax
23 
Net change in foreign currency translation adjustment
Comprehensive income (loss)
681 
25 
(657)
5 
— 
$
(13,758) $
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
67
11,872 $
8,886 
Table of Contents
PUBMATIC, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
(In thousands)
Common Stock
Treasury Stock
Additional Paid
In Capital
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Income (Loss)
Retained
Earnings
Total
Stockholders’
Equity Shares Amount
Balance — December 31, 2022 52,705 $ 6 $ (11,486) $ 195,677 $ (9) $ 128,000 $ 312,188 
Stock-based compensation — — — 31,324 — — 31,324 
Exercise of stock options 575 — — 1,549 — — 1,549 
Repurchase of treasury stock, at cost (4,040) — (59,617) — — — (59,617)
Issuance of common stock related to employee stock
purchase plan 128 — — 1,869 — — 1,869 
Issuance of common stock related to RSU vesting 878 — — — — — — 
Other comprehensive income — — — — 5 — 5 
Net income — — — — — 8,881 8,881 
Balance — December 31, 2023 50,246 6 (71,103) 230,419 (4) 136,881 296,199 
Stock-based compensation — — — 40,752 — — 40,752 
Exercise of stock options 616 — — 1,765 — — 1,765 
Repurchase of treasury stock, at cost (4,278) — (75,693) — — — (75,693)
Issuance of common stock related to employee stock
purchase plan 170 — — 2,368 — — 2,368 
Issuance of common stock related to RSU vesting 1,347 — — — — — — 
Other comprehensive loss — — — — (632) — (632)
Net income — — — — — 12,504 12,504 
Balance — December 31, 2024 48,101 6 (146,796) 275,304 (636) 149,385 277,263 
Stock-based compensation — — — 41,851 — — 41,851 
Exercise of stock options 953 1 — 1,759 — — 1,760 
Repurchase of treasury stock, at cost (4,088) — (46,675) — — — (46,675)
Issuance of common stock related to employee stock
purchase plan 240 — — 2,148 — — 2,148 
Issuance of common stock related to RSU vesting 1,681 — — — — — — 
Other comprehensive income — — — — 704 — 704 
Net loss — — — — — (14,462) (14,462)
Balance — December 31, 2025 46,887 $ 7 $ (193,471) $ 321,062 $ 68 $ 134,923 $ 262,589 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
68
Table of Contents
PUBMATIC, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In thousands)
Year Ended December 31,
2025 2024 2023
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net income (loss) $ (14,462) $ 12,504 $ 8,881 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 43,769 45,352 44,770 
Stock-based compensation 38,378 37,676 28,862 
Provision for doubtful accounts — — 5,675 
Deferred income taxes (14,489) (10,984) (13,406)
Accretion of discount on marketable securities (822) (4,117) (4,093)
Non-cash lease expense 7,351 6,801 6,145 
Other (1,047) (25) 45 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable 66,574 (49,345) (75,716)
Prepaid expenses and other current assets (16,220) (5,826) 3,918 
Accounts payable (42,397) 38,096 79,687 
Accrued liabilities 16,179 9,627 3,035 
Operating lease liabilities (2,616) (6,531) (5,789)
Other liabilities, non-current 861 197 (893)
Net cash provided by operating activities 81,059 73,425 81,121 
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Purchases of and deposits on property and equipment (14,345) (17,592) (10,601)
Capitalized software development costs (20,511) (20,936) (17,687)
Purchases of marketable securities (26,026) (142,016) (140,603)
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities 27,095 — 18,873 
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 39,859 202,858 111,000 
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 6,072 22,314 (39,018)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Payment of business combination indemnification claims holdback — (2,148) — 
Proceeds from issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan 2,148 2,368 1,869 
Proceeds from exercise of stock options 1,759 1,765 1,549 
Principal payments on finance lease obligations (140) (131) (126)
Payments to acquire treasury stock (46,498) (75,332) (59,268)
Net cash used in financing activities (42,731) (73,478) (55,976)
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 44,400 22,261 (13,873)
Effect of foreign currency on cash 666 (318) — 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - Beginning of Year 100,452 78,509 92,382 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - End of Year $ 145,518 $ 100,452 $ 78,509 
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING
INFORMATION:
Stock-based compensation capitalized as internal use software costs $ 3,474 $ 3,076 $ 2,462 
Property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 1 $ 618 $ 203 
Capitalized software costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 2,422 $ 2,365 $ 2,966 
Business combination purchase consideration - indemnification claims holdback $ — $ — $ 2,148 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
69
Table of Contents
Note 1 – Organization and Description of Business
PUBMATIC, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
PubMatic, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the “Company” or “PubMatic”) was founded in 2006. The Company has offices in California, New
York, Europe, Asia, and Australia. The Company provides a specialized cloud infrastructure platform that enables real-time programmatic advertising
transactions. The purpose-built technology and infrastructure provides superior outcomes for both publishers and advertisers leveraging an efficient design,
machine learning, and data processing capabilities, with customer alignment and global omnichannel reach.
Note 2 – Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Fiscal Year
The Company’s fiscal year ends on December 31. References to fiscal year 2025, for example, refer to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America (“GAAP”). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of PubMatic, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts of assets and liabilities reported, disclosures about contingent assets and liabilities, and reported amounts of revenue and expenses.
Significant items subject to such estimates include: revenue recognition criteria, including the determination of revenue reporting as net versus gross in
the Company’s revenue arrangements, internal use software development costs, and income taxes, including the valuation reserve on deferred tax assets.
The Company evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors and adjusts those estimates and
assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates and assumptions.
Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making assumptions and estimates, events and changes in circumstances arising after December 31, 2025,
including macroeconomic factors, may result in actual outcomes that differ from those contemplated by the Company’s assumptions and estimates.
Concentration of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, marketable
securities, and accounts receivable. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions in amounts which exceed Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation limits.
The Company’s investment policy limits investments to certain types of securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies and institutions with
investment-grade credit ratings and places restrictions on maturities and concentration by type and issuer. The primary objective of its investment activities
is to preserve principal while maximizing income without significantly increasing risk.
The Company defines its revenue concentration based on revenue recognized from individual publishers. For the years ended December 31, 2025,
2024, and 2023, no publisher represented more than 10% of the Company’s revenue. As of December 31, 2025, three buyers accounted for 24%, 16%, and
14% respectively, of accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2024, two buyers accounted for 44% and 11%, respectively, of accounts receivable.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity at the date of purchase of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
70
Table of Contents
Marketable Securities
The Company classifies marketable securities as available-for-sale at the time of purchase and reevaluates such classification at each balance sheet
date. The Company may sell these securities at any time for use in current operations even if they have not yet reached maturity. As a result, the Company
classifies its marketable securities, including those with maturities beyond twelve months, as current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. These
marketable securities are carried at fair value and unrealized gains and losses are recorded in other comprehensive income, which is reflected as a
component of stockholders’ equity. These marketable securities are assessed as to whether those with unrealized loss positions are other than temporarily
impaired. The Company considers impairments to be other than temporary if they are related to deterioration in credit risk or if it is likely the securities will
be sold before the recovery of their cost basis. As of December 31, 2025, the Company does not have marketable securities. Realized gains and losses from
the sale of marketable securities and declines in value deemed to be other than temporary are determined based on the specific identification method.
Realized gains and losses, and any expected credit losses, are reported in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Financial instruments consist of cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities. Cash
equivalents and marketable securities are remeasured at fair value at the end of every period. Accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities
are stated at their carrying value, which approximates fair value due to the short time to the expected receipt or payment.
Derivative Financial Instruments
The Company enters into foreign currency derivative contracts to reduce foreign exchange risk associated with monetary assets or liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. The Company uses forward currency derivative contracts, which are not designated as
hedging instruments, to minimize the Company’s exposure to balances primarily denominated in the Euro and British Pound Sterling. Currently, the
Company settles its forward contracts with the full value of the contract. The Company’s derivative financial instruments program is not designated for
trading or speculative purposes. While the contract or notional amount is often used to express the volume of foreign currency derivative contracts, the
amounts potentially subject to credit risk are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties’ obligations under the agreements exceed
the obligations of the Company to the counterparties.
Outstanding foreign currency derivative contracts are recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains or losses due to
changes in the fair value of these derivative contracts, as well as realized gains or losses from their net settlement, are recognized as other income (expense)
in the consolidated statements of operations consistent with the offsetting gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement or settlement of the underlying
foreign currency denominated receivables and payables.
Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses
Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount, are unsecured, and do not bear interest. The allowance for credit losses is based on the best
estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in existing accounts receivable. The allowance for credit losses is determined based on historical collection
experience and the review in each period of the status of the then outstanding accounts receivable, while taking into consideration current customer
information, collection history, and other relevant data. Account balances are written off against the allowance when the Company believes it is probable
the receivable will not be recovered.
The following table presents the changes in the allowance for credit losses (in thousands):
December 31,
2025
2024
2023
Allowance for credit losses, beginning balance
$
Provision
Write-offs
1,018 $
— 
770 $
248 
1,765 
14,547 
— 
— 
(15,542)
Allowance for credit losses, ending balance
$
1,018 $
1,018 $
770 
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the provision for expected credit losses associated with accounts receivable increased by $14.5 million
relating to uncollectible receivables for a DSP buyer of the Company’s platform that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on June 30, 2023. Of the total
uncollectible receivables from the DSP buyer of $14.5 million, $8.8 million was subject to chargeback to publishers of the Company and recorded as contra
payable to publishers related to expected recoveries. The result was $5.7 million of bad debt expense for the year ended December 31, 2023.
71
Table of Contents
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is
computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, generally three years. Leasehold improvements are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the remaining lease term.
Internal Use Software Development Costs
The Company capitalizes certain internal use software development costs associated with creating and enhancing internal use software related to its
platform and technology infrastructure. These costs include personnel and related employee benefits expenses for employees who are directly associated
with and who devote time to software projects, and external direct costs of materials and services consumed in developing or obtaining the software.
Software development costs that do not meet the criteria for capitalization are expensed as incurred and recorded in technology and development expenses
in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income.
Software development activities generally consist of three stages, (i) the planning stage, (ii) the application and infrastructure development stage, and
(iii) the post implementation stage. Costs incurred in the planning and post implementation stages of software development, including costs associated with
the post configuration training and repairs and maintenance of the developed technologies, are expensed as incurred.
The Company capitalizes costs associated with software developed for internal use when both the preliminary project stage is completed and
management has authorized further funding for the completion of the project. Costs incurred in the application and infrastructure development stages,
including significant enhancements and upgrades, are capitalized. Capitalization ends once a project is substantially complete and the software and
technologies are ready for their intended purpose. Internal use software development costs are amortized using a straight-line method over the estimated
useful life of two to five years, commencing when the software is ready for its intended use.
Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception, which is the date on which the terms of the contract are agreed to, and
the agreement creates enforceable rights and obligations. Under Topic 842, a contract is or contains a lease when (i) explicitly or implicitly identified assets
have been deployed in the contract and (ii) the customer obtains substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of that underlying asset and directs
how and for what purpose the asset is used during the term of the contract. The Company also considers whether its service arrangements include the right
to control the use of an asset.
The Company’s leases may include a non-lease component representing additional services transferred to the Company, such as common area
maintenance for real estate. The Company accounts for each separate lease component and the non-lease components associated with that lease component
as a single lease component. As such, minimum lease payments include fixed payments for non-lease components within a lease agreement but exclude
variable lease payments not dependent on an index or rate, such as common area maintenance, operating expenses, utilities, or other costs that are subject to
fluctuation from period to period. Non-lease components that are variable in nature are recorded as variable lease expense in the period incurred.
The allocation of lease payments is determined based on the relative standalone price of the separate office and furniture components. Some leases
include an option to renew, generally at the Company’s sole discretion, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term up to five additional years. In
addition, certain leases contain termination options, where the rights to terminate are held by either the Company, the lessor, or both parties. These options
to extend or terminate a lease are not included in the lease terms as the Company is not reasonably certain that they will exercise that option. The
Company’s leases generally do not contain any material restrictive covenants.
The Company recognizes its lease right of use assets (“ROU assets”) and lease liabilities based on the present value of lease payments over the lease
term at the commencement date of the lease. The ROU assets also include any initial direct costs incurred and lease payments made at or before the
commencement date and are reduced by any lease incentives.
The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of lease payments, as the Company’s leases do not have a readily
determinable implicit discount rate. The incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized
basis over a similar term and amount in a similar economic environment. Judgment is applied in assessing factors such as Company-specific credit risk,
lease term, nature and quality of the underlying collateral, currency, and economic environment in determining the incremental borrowing rate to apply to
each lease.
72
Table of Contents
Operating ROU assets and liabilities are included on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease assets are included in property,
equipment and software, net. Finance lease liabilities are included in accrued liabilities and other liabilities, non-current. The Company does not recognize
ROU assets or lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less for any asset classes.
Operating lease cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Finance lease cost is recognized as a combination of the amortization
expense for the right-of-use assets and interest expense for the outstanding lease liabilities, and results in a front-loaded expense pattern over the lease term.
Short-term and variable lease costs are not material to the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
The Company continually monitors events and changes in circumstances that could indicate that carrying amounts of its long-lived assets, including
property and equipment and intangible assets may not be recoverable. When such events or changes in circumstances occur, the Company assesses the
recoverability of long-lived assets by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through their undiscounted expected future
cash flows. If the future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of these assets, the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the
excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the assets.
Business Combinations
The Company allocates the purchase consideration for acquired companies to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess recorded to goodwill. These estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to
refinement. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair value
of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement
period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to
the consolidated statements of operations.
Acquisition-related Intangible Assets and Goodwill
Acquisition-related intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. Goodwill amounts are not
amortized. Acquisition-related intangible assets and goodwill are tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the acquisition-related intangible assets or goodwill may be impaired.
Events or changes in circumstances which could trigger an impairment review include a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business
climate, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, a loss of key personnel, significant changes in the manner of the
Company’s use of the acquired assets, or the strategy for the Company’s overall business, significant negative industry or economic trends, or significant
underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future results of operations. The Company has not recorded any acquisition-related intangible
assets or goodwill impairment to date.
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue through the following steps:
• Identification of a contract with a customer;
• Identification of the performance obligations in the contract;
• Determination of the transaction price;
• Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
• Recognition of revenue when or as the performance obligations are satisfied.
The Company refers to its publishers, app developers, and channel partners collectively as its publishers. The Company generates revenue through the
monetization of publisher ad impressions on its platform. The Company’s platform allows publishers to sell, in real time, ad impressions to buyers and
provides automated inventory management and monetization tools to publishers across various device types and digital ad formats. The Company charges
publishers a fee, which is typically a percentage of the value of the ad impressions monetized through the Company’s platform.
The Company maintains agreements with each publisher and buyer in the form of written service agreements, which set out the terms of the
relationship, including payment terms (typically ninety days or less) and access to its platform.
73
Table of Contents
The Company invoices buyers for publisher digital advertising inventory purchased through its platform. The Company recognizes revenue when a bid
is won and a buyer purchases inventory on its platform. The Company records revenue reductions for rebates associated with SPO agreements with buyers.
These rebates may be fixed or tiered based on the volume of spend over the incentive period. For volume-based rebate rates, the Company estimates and
records revenue reductions based on the expected volumes during the incentive term.
The determination as to whether revenue should be reported gross of amounts billed to buyers (gross basis) or net of payments to publishers (net basis)
requires significant judgment, and is based on the Company’s assessment of whether it is acting as the principal or an agent in the transaction. The
Company has determined that it does not act as the principal in the purchase and sale of digital advertising inventory because it does not control the
advertising inventory and it does not set the price which is the result of an auction within the marketplace. Based on these and other factors, the Company
reports revenue on a net basis.
The Company invoices buyers at the end of each month for the full purchase price of ad impressions monetized in that month. Accounts receivable are
recorded at the amount of gross billings for the amounts the Company is responsible to collect, and accounts payable are recorded at the net amount
payable to publishers. Accordingly, both accounts receivable and accounts payable appear large in relation to revenue reported on a net basis.
Cost of Revenue
Cost of revenue consists primarily of data center co-location costs, depreciation expense related to hardware supporting the Company’s platform,
amortization expense related to capitalized internal use software development costs and acquired developed technology, personnel costs, and allocated
facilities costs. Personnel costs include salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, and employee benefit costs, and are primarily attributable to the
Company’s network operations group which maintains the Company’s servers and the Company’s client operations group, which is responsible for
integration of new publishers and buyers and providing customer support for existing customers.
Technology and Development Costs
Technology and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, and employee
benefits costs, allocated facilities costs, and professional services. These expenses include costs incurred in the development, implementation and
maintenance of internal use software, including platform and related infrastructure. Technology and development costs are expensed as incurred, except to
the extent that such costs are associated with internal use software development that meets the criteria for capitalization. The Company amortizes internal
use software development costs that relate to its revenue producing activities on its platform to cost of revenue.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are included in sales and marketing expenses. The Company’s advertising costs recorded during the
years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 were not material.
Stock-Based Compensation
Stock-based compensation expense related to stock awards, including stock options and restricted stock units (“RSUs”), is measured based on the fair
value of the awards granted and recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards, which is generally the
vesting term of four years.
The fair value of each option award is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.
The fair value of each RSU award is based on the fair value of the underlying common stock as of the grant date.
Stock-based compensation expense related to the Company’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) is measured at fair value on the grant date using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to shares issued pursuant to the ESPP on a
straight-line basis over the offering period, which is 12 months. The ESPP allows employees to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a 15%
percent discount from the lower of the Company’s stock price on (i) the first day of the offering period or on (ii) the last day of each of the two six-month
purchase periods. The ESPP also allows employees to reduce their percentage election but not to increase that election until the next one-year offering
period. The ESPP includes a reset provision for the purchase price if the stock price on the purchase date is less than the stock price on the offering date.
74
Table of Contents
The assumptions used to determine the fair value of the stock awards represent management’s best estimates. These estimates involve inherent
uncertainties and the application of management’s judgment. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. For additional information regarding
stock-based compensation and the assumptions used for determining the fair value of stock options and ESPP awards, refer to Note 9—Stockholders’
Equity and Equity Incentive Plans.
Foreign Currency Translation
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency of the applicable entity at the rates of exchange in effect at the date of the
transaction. Accordingly, all monetary assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are remeasured at the current exchange rate at each balance sheet date,
nonmonetary assets and liabilities are measured at historical rates, and revenue and expenses are remeasured at average exchange rates during the period.
Transaction gains and losses are included in other income (expense), net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company’s net
foreign currency gain (losses) recorded during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 were $(4.6) million, $1.1 million, and $(1.5) million
respectively.
Income Taxes
The Company utilizes the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from the temporary differences between the
tax basis of an asset or liability and its reported amount in the consolidated financial statements, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards. Deferred tax amounts are determined by using the tax rates expected to be in effect when the taxes will actually be paid or refunds received,
as provided for under currently enacted tax law. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized.
The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements
from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized. The Company recognizes
interest and penalties related to income tax matters as income tax expense.
Net Income (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders
Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stock is computed in conformity with the two-class method
required for participating securities. The Company applies the two-class method to allocate earnings between common and other participating securities
based on their participation rights.
Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities are subtracted from net income (loss) in determining net income (loss)
attributable to common stockholders. Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by
the weighted-average number of shares of the Company’s Class A and Class B common stock outstanding.
The diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by giving effect to all dilutive securities. Diluted net income per
share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the resulting net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average
number of fully diluted common shares outstanding. During the periods when there is a net loss attributable to common stockholders, potentially dilutive
common stock equivalents have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders as their effect is anti
dilutive.
75
Table of Contents
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09 "Income Taxes (Topics 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures" to expand the disclosure
requirements for income taxes, specifically related to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 is effective for annual periods beginning
January 1, 2025, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-09 for the year ended December 31,2025, and applied the new disclosure
requirements prospectively to the current annual period. Prior period disclosures have not been adjusted to reflect the new disclosure requirements. See
Note 11—Income Taxes in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for further detail.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03 “Income Statement-Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures
(Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses”, requiring public entities to disclose additional information about specific expense
categories in the notes to the financial statements on an interim and annual basis. ASU 2024-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2026, and for interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact adopting
ASU 2024-03 will have on its financial statement disclosures.
In July 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-05 “Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) - Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts
Receivable and Contract Assets” ("ASU 2025-05"), which provides a practical expedient to measure credit losses on current accounts receivable. The
practical expedient allows companies to assume that current conditions as of the balance sheet date do not change for the remaining life of the asset when
measuring credit losses. ASU 2025-05 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2025 and for interim periods within those annual
reporting periods on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2025-05 on its
consolidated financial statements and disclosures.
In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-06, “Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted
Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software” (the “ASU 2025-06”), simplifies the capitalization guidance by removing all references to
prescriptive and sequential software development project stages so that the guidance is neutral to different software development methods. ASU 2025-06
will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2027. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard on its
consolidated financial statements and disclosures.
In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-11, “Interim Reporting (Topic 270): Narrow-Scope Improvements” (the “ASU 2025-11”), which
clarifies interim disclosure requirements and the applicability of Topic 270. The guidance will be effective for interim periods beginning January 1, 2028.
Early adoption is permitted. Upon adoption, the guidance can be applied prospectively or retrospectively. The Company does not expect the adoption of
this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.
Note 3 – Fair Value Measurements
Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in the consolidated balance sheets are categorized based upon the level of judgment
associated with the inputs used to measure their fair values. Fair value represents the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the
use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a three-tier fair
value hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements as follows:
• Level 1 – Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date;
• Level 2 – Inputs are observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, unadjusted quoted prices for identical or
similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for
substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities; and
• Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities that are supported by little or no
market data.
A financial instrument’s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
measurement. The Company’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires management to
make judgments and consider factors specific to the asset or liability.
76
Table of Contents
The Company’s financial assets consist of Level 1 and 2 assets. The Company had no Level 3 assets or liabilities for the periods presented. The
Company classifies its cash equivalents and marketable securities within Level 1 or Level 2 because they are valued using either quoted market prices or
inputs other than quoted prices which are directly or indirectly observable in the market, including readily-available pricing sources for the identical
underlying security which may not be actively traded. The Company’s fixed income available-for-sale securities consist of high quality, investment grade
securities from diverse issuers. The valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of the Company’s marketable securities were derived from non
binding market consensus prices that are corroborated by observable market data and quoted market prices for similar instruments.
The following tables set forth the fair value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis by level within the fair
value hierarchy (in thousands):
December 31, 2025
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial Assets
Money market funds $ 104,294 $ — $ — $ 104,294 
Certificates of deposit — 16,865 — 16,865 
Cash equivalents 104,294 16,865 — 121,159 
Total financial assets $ 104,294 $ 16,865 $ — $ 121,159 
December 31, 2024
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial Assets
Money market funds $ 57,998 $ — $ — $ 57,998 
Commercial paper — 2,296 — 2,296 
Certificates of deposit — 14,821 — 14,821 
Cash equivalents 57,998 17,117 — 75,115 
Commercial paper — 27,837 — 27,837 
U.S. Treasury and government debt securities — 12,298 — 12,298 
Marketable securities — 40,135 — 40,135 
Total financial assets $ 57,998 $ 57,252 $ — $ 115,250 
There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurement categories during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Note 4 – Balance Sheet Components
Marketable Securities
The following tables summarize the Company’s marketable securities by significant investment categories (in thousands):
December 31, 2024
Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Loss Fair Value
Commercial paper $ 27,823 $ 17 $ (3) $ 27,837 
U.S. Treasury and government debt securities 12,289 9 — 12,298 
Total $ 40,112 $ 26 $ (3) $ 40,135 
The Company had no marketable securities as of December 31, 2025. The remaining contractual maturity of all marketable securities was within one
year as of December 31, 2024. Realized gains and losses were not material for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. As of December 31,
2024 there were no securities that were in an unrealized loss position for more than twelve months.
77
Table of Contents
Property, Equipment and Software, Net
Property, equipment and software, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
Internal-use software
December 31,
2025
2024
$
Network hardware, computer equipment and software
Leasehold improvements
89,161 $
151,276 
72,372 
153,838 
7,553 
Furniture and fixtures
2,534 
5,526 
2,329 
Property, equipment and software, gross
250,524 
Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization
Total property, equipment and software, net
(197,867)
234,065 
(175,543)
$
52,657 $
58,522 
Depreciation and amortization expense related to property, equipment, and software (excluding amortization of internal use software) was
$19.0 million, $24.8 million, and $28.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
The Company capitalized $24.0 million, $23.4 million, and $21.3 million in software development costs during the years ended December 31, 2025,
2024 and 2023, respectively. Fully-amortized software development costs of $7.3 million have been removed from internal-use software and accumulated
depreciation and amortization for each of the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Amortization expense of internal use software was $23.2 million,
$18.9 million, and $13.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These costs are included within cost of revenue in
the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company did not recognize any impairment charges on its long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.
Accounts Payable
Accounts payable consisted of the following (in thousands):
Payable to publishers
December 31,
2025
2024
$
Trade and other payables
Total accounts payable
319,482 $
24,137 
366,009 
20,593 
$
Accrued Liabilities
Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):
343,619 $
December 31,
386,602 
2025
2024
Accrued compensation
$
Accrued and other current liabilities
Total accrued liabilities
19,583 $
5,695 
19,977 
6,388 
$
78
25,278 $
26,365 
Table of Contents
Note 5 – Senior Secured Credit Facilities Agreement
Senior Secured Credit Facilities Agreement
On October 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Senior Secured Credit Facilities Credit Agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) with the several lenders
parties thereto (the “Lenders”), and Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”), as administrative agent, lead arranger, issuing lender, and swingline lender. The Credit
Agreement matures on October 17, 2027.
The Credit Agreement provides a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $110.0 million (“the Revolving Credit Facility”),
including a $25.0 million letter of credit sub-facility and a $25.0 million swingline sub-facility. The Company’s obligations under the Revolving Credit
Facility and the letter of credit sub-facility (described in Note 8) with SVB are secured by substantially all of its assets excluding its intellectual property.
The Company may, subject to certain customary conditions, on one or more occasions increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility in an
amount not to exceed $90.0 million in the aggregate (the “Incremental Facility”). Each Lender will have discretion to determine whether it will participate
in any Incremental Facility.
Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will accrue interest at rates equal, at the Company’s election, to (i) the applicable secured overnight
financing rate (“SOFR”), plus the applicable margin for such loans, or (ii) the alternate base rate (“ABR”), which is defined as the highest of (a) the prime
rate in effect from time to time, (b) the federal funds effective rate in effect from time to time plus 0.50%, and (c) the adjusted term SOFR for a one (1)
month tenor in effect from time to time plus 1.0%, plus the applicable margin for such loans. The applicable margin for borrowings bearing interest on the
SOFR ranges from 2.00% to 2.75%, and the applicable margin for borrowings bearing interest based on the ABR ranges from 1.00% to 1.75%. As of
December 31, 2025, the applicable interest rate under the revolving credit facility was 7.75%. The Company will pay a quarterly commitment fee during
the term of the Credit Agreement for the non-use of available funds ranging from 0.25% to 0.35%. In addition, the Credit Agreement provides a
mechanism to determine a successor reference rate to the applicable reference rate if, among other things, the applicable reference rate becomes unavailable
or is generally replaced as a benchmark interest rate.
The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants. Negative covenants
include, among others, limitations on incurrence of indebtedness, liens, disposition of property and investments by the Company and its subsidiaries. In
addition, the Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain certain interest coverage, leverage and senior leverage ratios. The Company was in
compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2025.
The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, the Lenders may
declare the outstanding advances and all other obligations under the Credit Agreement immediately due and payable.
The Company may use amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement to refinance the Existing Credit Agreement, for general corporate purposes or
working capital financing. The Company may borrow additional amounts under the Credit Agreement from time to time as opportunities and needs arise.
Note 6 – Leases
The Company leases office facilities from unrelated parties under operating lease agreements that have initial terms ranging from two to seven years.
Included in an office lease the Company also leases furniture and fixtures under a finance lease with a seven year term with a purchase option at the end of
the term.
The components of operating and finance lease costs were as follows (in thousands):
Operating lease cost
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
$
Finance lease cost
Total lease cost
10,027 $
183 
8,536 
186 
$
79
10,210 $
8,722 
Table of Contents
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2025 2024
Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities:
Operating cash outflows - payments on operating leases $ 2,616 $ 6,531 
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations:
Operating leases $ 2,922 $ 29,909 
In July 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to continue to lease approximately 30,000 square feet of office space located in New York City,
New York (“July 2024 Lease”), which was previously subleased. The original sublease agreement for the space was set to expire in January 2025. The July
2024 Lease extends the lease term through January 2036 and grants the Company the right to use an additional floor in the building, also comprised of
approximately 30,000 square feet, which has yet to commence. The Company will use the aggregate space to support its general and administrative
functions, sales and marketing, technology and development, engineering and customer support. The Company has the option to exercise an early
termination at either of two different points during the lease term, neither of which has been reflected in the lease term. The Company has provided an
irrevocable letter of credit in the amount of approximately $1.5 million, pursuant to the terms of the July 2024 Lease.
Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows (in thousands):
December 31,
2025 2024
Operating leases
Operating lease right-of-use assets $ 38,149 $ 44,402 
Operating lease liabilities, current $ 6,953 $ 5,843 
Operating lease liabilities, non-current 36,910 39,538 
Total operating lease liabilities $ 43,863 $ 45,381 
Finance leases
Furniture and fixtures $ 869 $ 869 
Accumulated depreciation (710) (536)
Furniture and fixtures, net $ 159 $ 333 
Accrued liabilities $ 148 $ 139 
Other liabilities, non-current 196 344 
Total finance lease liabilities $ 344 $ 483 
Other information related to leases was as follows:
December 31,
2025 2024
Weighted-average remaining lease term:
Operating leases 7.4 years 7.8 years
Finance leases 2.3 years 3.3 years
Weighted-average discount rate:
Operating leases 5.30 % 4.90 %
Finance leases 2.24 % 2.24 %
80
Table of Contents
As of December 31, 2025, the maturities of lease liabilities under operating and finance leases were as follows (in thousands):
Operating Leases Finance Leases Total
Year ending December 31,
2026 $ 9,019 $ 153 $ 9,172 
2027 9,949 158 10,107 
2028 6,517 41 6,558 
2029 4,907 — 4,907 
2030 4,083 — 4,083 
Thereafter 20,408 — 20,408 
Total minimum lease payments 54,883 352 55,235 
Less: imputed interest (11,020) (8) (11,028)
Total present value of lease liabilities $ 43,863 $ 344 $ 44,207 
Note 7 – Goodwill and Acquisition-related Intangible Assets, Net
Goodwill
Goodwill as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $29.6 million. There were no accumulated impairment losses as of December 31, 2025.
Acquisition-related Intangible Assets, Net
Acquisition-related intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
December 31, 2025
Gross Carrying
Amount
Accumulated
Amortization Net Carrying Amount
Weighted Average
Remaining Useful Life
(in years)
Developed technology $ 7,900 $ 5,196 $ 2,704 1.75
Customer relationships 1,000 1,000 — —
Total acquisition-related intangible assets $ 8,900 $ 6,196 $ 2,704 1.75
December 31, 2024
Gross Carrying
Amount
Accumulated
Amortization Net Carrying Amount
Weighted Average
Remaining Useful Life
(in years)
Developed technology $ 7,900 $ 3,616 $ 4,284 2.75
Customer relationships 1,000 1,000 — —
Total acquisition-related intangible assets $ 8,900 $ 4,616 $ 4,284 2.75
Amortization expense related to acquisition-related intangibles was $1.6 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.
As of December 31, 2025, estimated future amortization expense for acquisition-related intangible assets was as follows (in thousands):
2026 $ 1,580 
2027 1,124 
Total estimated future amortization expense for acquisition-related intangible assets $ 2,704 
81
Table of Contents
Note 8 – Commitments and Contingencies
Purchase Obligations
The Company’s purchase obligations primarily relate to minimum contractual payments due to data center providers.
As of December 31, 2025, future minimum commitments for purchase obligations with a remaining term in excess of one year were as follows (in
thousands):
Years ending December 31,
2026
2027
2028
$
40,241 
34,927 
227 
2029
Total future minimum commitments, net
125 
$
Letters of Credit
75,520 
As of December 31, 2025, the Company had three irrevocable letters of credit outstanding related to non-cancelable facilities leases in the amounts of
$3.5 million, $1.5 million, and $0.2 million, with annual automatic renewal and final expiration dates in July 2028, April 2036, and September 2031,
respectively. As of December 31, 2024 the Company had two irrevocable letters of credit outstanding related to noncancelable facilities leases in the
amounts of $3.5 million and $1.5 million, with annual automatic renewal and final expiration dates in July 2028 and April 2036, respectively.
Legal Matters
From time to time, the Company is or may be involved in various claims and other legal matters arising in the normal course of business. The
Company records an accrual for a liability relating to claims and other legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the
amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Any such accruals are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted for the impacts of negotiations, rulings,
settlements, and other information or events pertaining to a particular matter, or on the advice of legal counsel. To date, the Company has not incurred a
material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to any claims and other legal matters arising in the normal course of business.
However, the outcomes of claims and other legal matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. If the Company subsequently
concludes that there is a reasonable possibility that a loss exceeding amounts already recognized may be incurred, and the amount of such additional loss
would be material, the Company will either disclose the estimated additional loss or state that such an estimate cannot be made.
Indemnification
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties and
provide for general indemnification. The Company’s exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves future claims that may be made
against the Company, but have not yet been made. To date, the Company has not paid any material claims or been required to defend any actions related to
its indemnification obligations. However, the Company may record charges in the future as a result of these indemnification obligations. In addition, the
Company has indemnification agreements with certain of its directors and executive officers that require it, among other things, to indemnify them against
certain liabilities that may arise due to their status or service as directors or officers of the Company. The terms of such obligations may vary.
82
Table of Contents
Note 9 – Stockholders’ Equity and Equity Incentive Plans
Common Stock
The Company’s board of directors has authorized 1,000,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and 1,000,000,000
shares of Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value per share. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical,
except with respect to voting and conversion rights. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote and holders of Class B common stock are
entitled to ten votes and is convertible into one share of Class A common stock. Each share of Class B is convertible anytime at the option of the holder
into one share of Class A common stock. Once converted or transferred and converted into Class A common stock, the Class B common stock will not be
reissued.
Share Repurchases
In February 2023, the Company’s board of directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to $75 million of its Class A common stock (as
amended, the “2023 Repurchase Program”). In February 2024, the Company’s board of directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to an additional
$100 million of its Class A common stock under the 2023 Repurchase Program (the “2024 Repurchase Program Extension”) in addition to the $75 million
previously authorized under the 2023 Repurchase Program, and extended the expiration of the 2023 Repurchase Program to December 31, 2025. In May
2025, the Company’s board of directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to an additional $100 million of its Class A common stock under the
2023 Repurchase Program (the “2025 Repurchase Program Extension”) in addition to the aggregate $175 million previously authorized under the 2023
Repurchase Program, and extended the expiration of the 2023 Repurchase Program to December 31, 2026.
Shares are repurchased in a manner deemed in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders, dependent upon business, economic and market
conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, prevailing stock prices and other considerations. Repurchases are executed from time to time, subject to
general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, in
accordance with Rule 10b-18 and/or Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. The 2023 Repurchase Program is scheduled to terminate on December 31, 2026.
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased 4,087,633 aggregate shares of Class A common stock for $46.5 million. The
Company recorded an additional $0.2 million related to the 1% excise tax on net share repurchases as a result of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
(“IRA”). As of December 31, 2025, $93.9 million remains available for repurchases.
Equity Incentive Plans
The Company maintains the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (“2020 Plan”), pursuant to which the Company may grant stock options, restricted stock
awards, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units (“RSUs”), deferred stock units (“DSUs”) performance awards, and stock bonus awards. As of
December 31, 2025, the Company has reserved 5,377,044 shares of Class A common stock for the issuance of awards under the 2020 Plan. These available
shares will increase automatically on January 1 for each of the first ten calendar years during the term of the 2020 Plan by the number of shares equal to the
lesser of five percent (5%) of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of all classes of the Company’s common stock outstanding as of the immediately
preceding December 31, or a number as may be determined by the Company’s board of directors or compensation committee. No new awards were issued
under the Company’s prior 2006 Plan or 2017 Plan (“Prior Plans”) after the effective date of the 2020 Plan. To the extent outstanding awards under the
2006 Plan and the 2017 Plan are forfeited, expire unexercised, or would otherwise have been returned to the share reserve under the Prior Plans, the shares
of Class B common stock subject to such awards instead will be available for future issuance as Class A common stock under the 2020 Plan.
83
Table of Contents
Stock Options
Stock options granted under the Company’s stock incentive plans generally vest over four years, subject to the holder’s continued service through the
vesting date and expire no later than ten years from the date of grant.
The following table summarizes stock option activity and related information under the Company’s equity incentive plans (shares and aggregate
intrinsic value in thousands):
Options Outstanding
Number of Shares
Underlying
Outstanding Options
Weighted-Average
Exercise Price
Outstanding — December 31, 2024
Weighted Average
Remaining
Contractual Term
(Years)
Aggregate Intrinsic
Value
7,893 $
Options granted
Options exercised
986 
10.68 
15.65 
5.71 $
50,372 
(953)
Options canceled
Options expired
(97)
1.84 
16.39 
(41)
21.79 
Outstanding — December 31, 2025
Vested and exercisable — December 31, 2025
7,788 $
12.26 
5.67 $
19,475 
5,949 $
11.25 
4.86 $
19,475 
The aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the exercise price of the options and the fair market value of the Company’s common
stock on the date of exercise. The intrinsic value of options exercised was $8.2 million, $9.9 million and $7.5 million for the years ended December 31,
2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
As of December 31, 2025, unrecognized stock-based compensation of $15.6 million related to unvested stock options will be recognized on a straight
line basis over a weighted average period of 2.18 years.
The fair value of stock options granted under the Company’s equity incentive plans was estimated using the following assumptions:
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023
Fair market value of common stock
$15.65-$15.65
Expected term (in years)
Risk-free interest rate
5.0-7.0
$15.38-$16.34
5.0-7.0
$12.56-$16.94
5.0-7.0
4.4%-4.4%
Expected volatility
Dividend rate
54%-57%
4.0%-4.2%
55%-58%
3.5%-4.0%
55%-59%
—%
Weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted
These assumptions and estimates were determined as follows:
$8.83
—%
$8.78
—%
$8.58
Fair Value of Common Stock - The fair value of each share of underlying common stock was based on the closing price of the Company’s Class A
common stock as reported on the date of the grant.
Expected Term - The expected term represents the period that the Company’s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. For option grants that
are considered to be “plain vanilla,” the Company determines the expected term using the simplified method. The simplified method deems the term to be
the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the options. For other option grants, the Company estimates expected term using historical data
on employee exercises and post-vesting employment termination behavior taking into account the contractual life of the award.
Risk-Free Interest Rate - The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S.
Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the option’s expected term.
Expected Volatility - Since the Company has a short trading history of its common stock, the expected volatility is derived from the average historical
stock volatilities of several unrelated public companies within the Company’s industry that the Company considers to be comparable to its business over a
period equivalent to the expected term of the stock option grants.
Dividend Rate - The expected dividend is assumed to be zero as the Company has never paid dividends and has no current plans to do so.
84
Table of Contents
Restricted Stock Units
RSU awards generally vest over four years, subject to the holder’s continued service through the vesting date.
The following table summarizes RSU activity and related information under the Company’s 2020 Plan:
Unvested — December 31, 2024
RSUs
Number of Shares (in
thousands)
Weighted-Average
Grant Date Fair Value
per Share
Aggregate Intrinsic
Value (in thousands)
3,687 $
Granted
Vested
2,047 
17.68 $
14.39 
54,167 
(1,681)
Canceled/Forfeited
Unvested — December 31, 2025
(376)
17.96 
16.49 
3,677 $
15.85 $
32,618 
As of December 31, 2025, unrecognized stock-based compensation of $48.8 million related to unvested RSUs will be recognized on a straight-line
basis over a weighted average period of 2.37 years.
2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
In November 2020, the Company’s board of directors adopted, and its stockholders approved, the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”),
which became effective in connection with the Company’s IPO. A total of 500,000 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock were initially reserved
for issuance under the ESPP. The aggregate number of shares reserved for issuance under the ESPP will increase automatically on January 1st of each of
the first ten calendar years during the term of the ESPP by the number of shares equal to the lesser of (a) 1% of the total outstanding shares of all classes of
the Company’s common stock as of the immediately preceding December 31 and (b) such number of shares of common stock as determined by the
Company’s board of directors. The aggregate number of shares issued over the term of the ESPP may not exceed 7,500,000 shares of Class A common
stock. As of December 31, 2025, the Company has reserved 2,020,964 shares of its common stock for issuance under the ESPP.
As of December 31, 2025, $0.2 million has been withheld on behalf of employees for a future purchase under the ESPP due to the timing of payroll
deductions and is included in accrued liabilities. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, 239,791 shares of Class A common stock have been
purchased under the ESPP.
As of December 31, 2025, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP was $0.6 million, which is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 0.57 years.
The fair value of purchase right granted the under the Company’s 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan was estimated using the following assumptions:
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023
Expected term (in years)
0.5-1.0
Risk-free interest rate
Expected volatility
3.6%-3.7%
0.5-1.0
4.3%-5.4%
0.5-1.0
5.4%-5.1%
74%-81%
Dividend rate
—%
53%-65%
—%
Expected Term - The expected term of the ESPP represents the period of time that purchase rights are expected to be outstanding.
48%-59%
—%
Risk-Free Interest Rate - The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the awards was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time
of the grant.
Expected Volatility - The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company’s Class A common stock over a period equivalent to
the expected term of the ESPP purchase rights.
Dividend rate - The expected dividend is assumed to be zero as the Company has never paid dividends and has no current plans to do so.
85
Table of Contents
Stock-Based Compensation
Total stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations was as follows (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2025 2024 2023
Cost of revenue $ 1,854 $ 1,855 $ 1,472 
Technology and development 6,088 6,313 4,346 
Sales and marketing 13,703 13,407 10,462 
General and administrative 16,733 16,101 12,582 
Total stock-based compensation expense 38,378 37,676 28,862 
Tax benefit from stock-based compensation (8,117) (7,728) (5,695)
Total stock-based compensation expense, net of tax effect $ 30,261 $ 29,948 $ 23,167 
Note 10 – Net Income (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders
The Company has two classes of common stock, Class A and Class B. Basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) attributable to common
stockholders for Class A and Class B common stock were the same because they were entitled to the same liquidation and dividend rights.
The following table sets forth the computation of the Company’s basic and diluted net income (loss) per share (in thousands, except share and per share
data):
Year Ended December 31,
2025 2024 2023
(in thousands, except per share data)
Numerator:
Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders – basic $ (14,462) $ 12,504 $ 8,881 
Denominator:
Weighted average shares outstanding – basic 47,008 49,213 51,760 
Options to purchase common stock — 3,722 4,037 
Restricted stock — 1,272 178 
Employee stock purchase plan shares — 87 52 
Weighted average shares outstanding – diluted 47,008 54,294 56,027 
Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders – diluted $ (0.31) $ 0.23 $ 0.16 
The following weighted-average outstanding shares of common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share
attributable to common stockholders for the periods presented because including them would have been anti-dilutive (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2025 2024 2023
Options to purchase common stock 4,488 3,354 2,167
Unvested restricted stock units 1,979 100 1,106
ESPP — — 37
Total common stock equivalents excluded from net income (loss) per share attributable
to common stockholders – diluted 6,467 3,454 3,310
86
Table of Contents
Note 11 – Income Taxes
The domestic and foreign components of income before provision for (benefit from) income taxes were as follows (in thousands):
Domestic
December 31,
2025
2024
2023
$
Foreign
Income before provision for (benefit from) income taxes
(21,895) $
5,941 
9,737 $
8,037 
5,371 
5,134 
$
The provision for (benefit from) income taxes consisted of the following (in thousands):
(15,954) $
17,774 $
December 31,
10,505 
2025
2024
2023
Current provisions for income taxes:
Federal
State
$
730 $
10,561 $
11,059 
1,292 
Foreign
2,608 
3,199 
2,494 
2,026 
1,947 
Total current tax expense
4,630 
16,254 
15,032 
Deferred tax expense (benefit):
Federal
State
(4,693)
(8,731)
(11,825)
(1,300)
Foreign
(129)
(1,960)
(293)
(1,391)
(192)
Total deferred tax benefit
(6,122)
(10,984)
(13,408)
Total provision for (benefit from) income taxes
$
(1,492) $
5,270 $
1,624 
87
Table of Contents
Beginning in 2025 annual reporting, we adopted ASU 2023-09 prospectively. See Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements for additional details on the adoption of ASU 2023-09. The following table presents a reconciliation of the U.S.
federal statutory income tax rate to the Company’s effective tax rate pursuant to the disclosure requirements of ASU 2023-09 for the year ended
December 31, 2025 (in thousands, except percentages):
Year Ended December 31, 2025
Amount
Percentage
U.S. federal statutory rate
$
State and local income taxes, net of federal effect
1
(3,340)
(279)
21.0 %
1.8 
Foreign tax effects
India
Singapore
562 
(3.5)
445 
Other foreign jurisdictions
Changes in tax laws or rates in the current period
115 
(2.8)
(0.7)
— 
Cross border tax laws
Foreign derived intangible income
— 
(404)
Tax credits
Research and development credits
2.5 
(2,993)
Changes in valuation allowance
— 
18.8 
— 
Nontaxable or nondeductible Items
Tax effects of share-based compensation
2
Non-deductible officer compensation
1,896 
(11.9)
705 
Acquisition related cost
Other
826 
(4.4)
(5.2)
282 
Changes in unrecognized tax benefits
Effective Tax Rate
693 
(1.8)
(4.4)
$
_______________
(1,492)
(1) During the year ended December 31, 2025, New York state and city made up the majority (greater than 50 percent) of the tax effect in this
category.
9.4 %
(2) Includes amounts related to non-taxable and non-deductible share-based compensation, in addition to excess tax benefits or shortfalls from share
based compensation. Our income tax benefit includes $0.7 million of tax shortfalls from share-based compensation for 2025.
88
Table of Contents
The following table presents a reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount computed by applying the 21% U.S. federal statutory
income tax rate to the income before taxes prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-09 for the periods presented (in percentages):
December 31,
2024 2023
Federal statutory income tax rate 21.00 % 21.00 %
State after-tax rate 3.60 2.82 
Stock options 1.23 19.25 
Research credit (6.33) (10.20)
Transfer pricing reserve (0.77) 1.54 
Foreign rate differential 1.32 4.64 
GILTI — (11.62)
Foreign derived intangible income (11.52) (22.57)
Section 162(m) limitation 14.15 7.18 
Acquisition-related costs 5.56 1.22 
Change in valuation allowance 0.61 — 
Other 0.79 2.18 
Effective tax rate 29.64 % 15.44 %
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.
Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in thousands):
December 31,
2025 2024
Deferred tax assets:
Accruals and allowances 6,740 3,244 
Tax credits 2,664 1,987 
Stock-based compensation 11,441 9,155 
Intangibles assets 451 583 
Lease obligation 9,039 9,658 
R&D capitalization 22,502 21,950 
Other 1,203 1,283 
Total deferred tax assets 54,040 47,860 
Valuation allowance (2,675) (2,118)
Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 51,365 45,742 
Deferred tax liabilities:
Property, equipment, and software (8,988) (8,569)
Goodwill (1,037) (945)
Prepaid expense (1,508) (832)
Right-of-use asset (8,160) (9,445)
Acquired intangibles (686) (1,087)
Total deferred tax liabilities (20,379) (20,878)
Net deferred income tax asset (liabilities) $ 30,986 $ 24,864 
As of December 31, 2025, the Company had federal and state research and development credit carryforwards of $0.2 million and $5.7 million,
respectively. If not utilized, the federal credits will begin to expire in 2045. The state credits can be carried forward indefinitely.
89
Table of Contents
Pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”), the Company’s ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards
or other tax attributes, such as research tax credits, in any taxable year may be limited if the Company experiences an “ownership change.” A Section 382
“ownership change” generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5% of the Company’s stock increase their
ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three year period. Similar rules may apply under state
tax laws. Net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes generated are currently not subject to limitation by Section 382, but subsequent changes
in the Company’s stock ownership as well as other changes that may be outside of the Company’s control, could result in additional ownership changes
under Section 382 of the Code.
On July 4, 2025, the U.S. enacted a budget reconciliation package commonly referred to as the One Big Beautiful Bill Act of 2025 (“OBBBA”), which
contains a broad range of tax reform provisions affecting businesses from 2025 through 2027, including the permanent reinstatement of bonus depreciation
on qualified property and full expensing of domestic research and experimental expenditures. The Company has recognized the effects of the OBBBA
provisions in its consolidated financial statements to the extent they are applicable for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Company will continue to
evaluate the impact of these legislative changes on its future consolidated financial statements as additional guidance becomes available.
Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance
A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets where the recoverability of the assets is uncertain. The determination to provide a valuation
allowance is dependent upon the assessment of whether it is more likely than not that sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize the
deferred tax assets. Management has determined that there is sufficient positive evidence that a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets is not
required as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, except for unrealized losses on equity investment and state research credit carryforwards, starting in 2021, for
which realization is not deemed more likely than not given insufficient future capital gains to offset the investment’s worth and the Company expects to
generate more credits in future than can be utilized against projected taxable income.
The Company has not provided for U.S. deferred taxes on the cumulative earnings of non-U.S. affiliates that have been reinvested indefinitely. The
Company will continue to maintain its policy of indefinite reinvestment to the extent that the repatriation of foreign earnings is restricted by local laws,
accounting rules, substantial incremental costs associated with repatriating the foreign earnings, or other business requirements.
Uncertain Tax Positions
The activity related to the unrecognized income tax benefits is as follows (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023
Gross unrecognized income tax benefits — beginning balance
$
Increases related to tax positions taken during the current year
Increases related to tax positions taken during the prior years
4,695 $
1,475 
4,381 $
1,091 
4,303 
1,104 
324 
Decreases related to tax positions taken during the prior years
Gross unrecognized income tax benefits — ending balance
(783)
10 
(787)
— 
(1,026)
$
5,711 $
4,695 $
4,381 
The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions in its income tax provision. As of December 31, 2025 and
2024, the Company had approximately $0.5 million and $0.3 million, respectively, of accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions.
As of December 31, 2025, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $5.7 million, of which $3.2 million would impact the
effective tax rate, if recognized.
The Company files U.S., state and foreign income tax returns with varying statutes of limitations. The federal, state, and foreign returns statute of
limitations remains open for tax years from 2015 and thereafter. There are currently no income tax audits involving the IRS, any U.S. states or foreign tax
jurisdictions.
90
Table of Contents
Income Taxes Paid
Income taxes paid (net of refunds) are as follows (in thousands):
Federal
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023
$
State and Local
New York state
4,554 
710 
New York City
Other
905 
417 
Foreign
India
1,391 
Other
Total income taxes paid (net of refunds)
633 
$
8,610 
Total cash paid for income taxes (prior to ASU 2023-09 adoption)
91
$
14,176 
$15,631
Table of Contents
Note 12 – Segment and Geographical Information
Segment Information
Operating segments are components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available and is evaluated regularly by the Company’s
chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and assessing performance. The Company’s chief operating decision maker
(“CODM”) is its Chief Executive Officer.
The primary measure of segment profit or loss is consolidated net income (loss) as presented below and is used by the CODM for purposes of
allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. The Company has one business activity and there are no segment managers accountable for
operations, operating results beyond revenue or gross profit, or plans for levels or components below the consolidated unit level. Accordingly, the
Company has one single reporting segment.
The following table presents selected financial information with respect to the Company’s single operating segment for the years ended December 31,
2025, 2024, and 2023 (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023
Revenues
$
Less:
Employee compensation
1
282,926 $
291,256 $
267,014 
190,613 
Depreciation and amortization expense
Other segment items
2
43,769 
183,022 
45,352 
156,052 
44,770 
65,803 
58,955 
64,156 
Operating income (loss)
(17,259)
3,927 
2,036 
Other income (expense)
Interest income
5,455 
Other income (expense), net
(4,150)
8,477 
5,370 
8,828 
(359)
Income before income taxes
(15,954)
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes
Segment income (loss)
(1,492)
17,774 
5,270 
10,505 
1,624 
$
_______________
(14,462) $
12,504 $
8,881 
(1) Employee compensation includes employee payroll, share-based compensation, bonus, and employee benefits for medical care, retirement, insurances, and other
related expenses.
(2) Other segment items includes costs and expenses from operation of the Company’s data centers, professional services, facilities, marketing, and other related
expenses.
Geographical Information
The following table presents total revenue by geographic area based on the publisher’s billing address (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2025
2024
2023
United States
$
EMEA
APAC
158,074 $
90,549 
176,208 $
83,385 
158,110 
84,919 
28,436 
Rest of the world
Total
5,867 
25,002 
6,661 
19,287 
4,698 
$
282,926 $
291,256 $
267,014 
No other country besides the United States represented more than ten percent of total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and
2023.
92
Table of Contents
The following table presents long-lived assets by geographic area, which includes property and equipment, net, and operating lease right-of-use assets
(in thousands):
December 31,
2025
2024
United States
$
Rest of the world
Total
78,203 $
12,603 
88,998 
13,926 
$
Note 13 – 401(k) Plan
90,806 $
102,924 
The Company has a 401(k) Savings Plan (the “401(k) Plan”) that qualifies as a deferred salary arrangement under Section 401(k) of the Internal
Revenue Code. Under the 401(k) Plan, participating employees may elect to contribute up to 100% of their eligible compensation, subject to certain
limitations. The 401(k) Plan provides for a discretionary employer matching contribution. The Company made $1.8 million and $1.7 million matching
contribution to the 401(k) Plan for the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
93
Table of Contents
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of such date,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act). Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established
in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our management
has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by Deloitte and Touche, LLP, an
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act) that
occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures
Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal
control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designated and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The
design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected.
94
Table of Contents
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
(c) Trading Plans
In the quarter ended December 31, 2025, no Section 16 director or officer adopted, modified, or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as
defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act).
There were no “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements” (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act) adopted, modified, or
terminated during the fourth quarter of 2025 by our directors and Section 16 officers.
ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not applicable.
95
Table of Contents
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer and principal accounting officer, and our board of directors. A copy of this code, “Code of Business Conduct and Ethics,” is available on
our website at https://investors.pubmatic.com under the section titled “Governance.” Any amendments or waivers of our Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics pertaining to one of our executive officers or a member of our board of directors will be disclosed on the website address and location specified
above.
We have adopted an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of our securities that applies to all Company personnel,
including directors, officers, employees, and other covered persons. The Company also follows procedures for the repurchase of its securities. The
Company believes that its insider trading policy and repurchase procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules
and regulations, and listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of the Company’s insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Form 10-K.
The other information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS
The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
96
Table of Contents
PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.
(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
(1) Financial Statements
The information concerning our financial statements, and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm required by this Item is
incorporated by reference herein to the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 8, entitled “Consolidated Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data.”
(2) Financial Statement Schedules
All schedules have been omitted because the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the
schedules, or because the information required is included in Item 8, entitled “Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
(3) Exhibits
The exhibits required to be filed as part of this report are:
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit
Number Description of Document Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date
Filed
Herewith
2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 14, 2022, by
and among the Registrant, Marlin Acquisition Sub, Inc., and
ConsultMates, Inc.
8-K 001-39748 2.1 September 14, 2022
3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 10-K 001-39748 19.1 February 27, 2025
3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 10-K 001-39748 3.2 February 28, 2023
4.1 Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate. S-1/A 333-250077 4.1 November 30, 2020
4.2 Sixth Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement, dated
October 1, 2020, by and among the Registrant and certain of its
stockholders.
S-1 333-250077 4.2 November 13, 2020
4.3 Description of the Registrant’s Securities. 10-K 001-39748 4.3 March 26, 2021
10.1* Form of Indemnification Agreement. S-1 333-250077 10.1 November 13, 2020
10.2* 2006 Stock Option Plan, as amended. S-1 333-250077 10.2 November 13, 2020
10.3* 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. S-1 333-250077 10.4 November 13, 2020
10.4* 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. S-1/A 333-250077 10.5 November 30, 2020
10.5* 2019 Executive Bonus Plan. S-1 333-250077 10.3 November 13, 2020
10.6* 2020 Executive Bonus Plan. 10-K 001-39748 10.4 March 26, 2021
10.7*† 2021 Executive Bonus Plan. 8-K 001-39748 10.6 March 25, 2020
10.8* 2022 Executive Bonus Plan. 10-K 001-39748 10.8 March 1, 2022
10.9* 2023 Executive Bonus Plan. 10-K 001-39748 10.9 February 28, 2023
10.10* 2024 Executive Bonus Plan. 10-K 001-39748 10.10 February 28, 2024
10.11* 2025 Executive Bonus Plan. 10-K 001-39748 10.10 February 27, 2025
10.12* 2026 Executive Bonus Plan. X
10.13* 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and form of subscription
agreement.
S-1/A 333-250077 10.6 November 30, 2020
10.14* Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 8-K 001-39748 10.7 March 25, 2021
97
Table of Contents
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit
Number Description of Document Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date
Filed
Herewith
10.15* Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of
December 18, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Rajeev K.
Goel.
S-1/A 333-250077 10.7 November 30, 2020
10.16* Offer Letter, effective as of October 1, 2016, by and between the
Registrant and Amar K. Goel, as amended.
S-1/A 333-250077 10.8 November 30, 2020
10.17* Employment Agreement, effective as of November 7,2011, by and
between the Registrant and Steven Pantelick, as amended.
S-1/A 333-250077 10.9 November 30, 2020
10.18* Retention Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021, by and
between the Registrant and Rajeev K. Goel.
8-K 001-39748 10.2 March 25, 2021
10.19* Retention Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021, by and
between the Registrant and Amar K. Goel.
8-K 001-39748 10.3 March 25, 2021
10.20* Retention Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021, by and
between the Registrant and Steven Pantelick.
8-K 001-39748 10.4 March 25, 2021
10.21* Retention Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021, by and
between the Registrant and Jeffrey Hirsch.
8-K 001-39748 10.5 March 25, 2021
10.22* Retention Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021, by and
between the Registrant and Mukul Kumar.
10-K 001-39748 10.18 March 1, 2022
10.23 Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated
November 7, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Silicon
Valley Bank, as amended.
S-1 333-250077 10.13 November 13, 2020
10.24 Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and
Security Agreement, dated March 4, 2021, by and between the
Registrant and Silicon Valley Bank.
8-K 001-39748 10.1 March 25, 2021
10.25 Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and
Security Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, by and between the
Company and Silicon Valley Bank.
8-K 001-39748 10.1 April 9, 2021
10.26 Fourth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and
Security Agreement, dated June 4, 2021, by and between the
Registrant and Silicon Valley Bank.
8-K 001-39748 10.1 June 8, 2021
10.27† Google Exchange Integration Agreement, dated May 14, 2018, by
and between the Registrant and Google Inc, as amended.
S-1 333-250077 10.14 November 13, 2020
10.28† PubMatic Demand Partner Agreement, dated November 5, 2011, by
and between the Registrant and The Trade Desk, Inc., as amended.
S-1 333-250077 10.15 November 13, 2020
10.29† Yahoo Ad Exchange Agreement - Media Buyer, effective as of
December 16, 2015, by and between the Registrant and Yahoo! Inc.
S-1 333-250077 10.16 November 13, 2020
10.30† Sublease Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and between
PubMatic, Inc. and Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, LLC.
10-Q 001-39748 10.1 November 10, 2021
10.31 First Amendment to Sublease Agreement, dated as of November 8,
2021, by and between PubMatic, Inc. and Chan Zuckerberg
Initiative, LLC.
10-Q 001-39748 10.2 November 10, 2021
10.32* Form of Tier 1 Retention Agreement. S-1/A 333-250077 10.20 November 30, 2020
10.33* Form of Tier 2 Retention Agreement. S-1/A 333-250077 10.21 November 30, 2020
98
Table of Contents
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit
Number Description of Document Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date
Filed
Herewith
10.34 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2022, by and among the
Registrant, the lenders party thereto, and Silicon Valley Bank
8-K 001-39748 10.1 October 17, 2022
19.1 Insider Trading Policy. 10-K 001-39748 19.1 February 27, 2025
21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. X
23.1 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent registered public
accounting firm.
X
24.1 Power of Attorney (included in the signature page hereto). X
31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a
14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.
X
31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a)
and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.
X
32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes
Oxley Act of 2002.
X
32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes
Oxley Act of 2002.
X
97.1 Clawback Policy. 10-K 001-39748 97.1 February 28, 2024
101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document — the instance document does
not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are
embedded within the Inline XBRL document
X
101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X
101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
Document    
X
101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X
101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document    X
101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
Document    
X
104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and
contained in Exhibit 101)    
X
________________
*     Indicates a management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement.
†    Registrant has omitted portions of the exhibit as permitted under Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K.
**  The information in this exhibit is furnished and deemed not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of PubMatic, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.
99
Table of Contents
ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
None.
100
Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
Dated: February 26, 2026
PUBMATIC, INC.
By: /s/ Rajeev K. Goel
Rajeev K. Goel
Chief Executive Officer
Table of Contents
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Rajeev K. Goel
and Steven Pantelick, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution, for him or her and in
his or her name, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and
authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as
he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the
dates indicated.
Signature Title Date
/s/ Rajeev K. Goel Chief Executive Officer and Director
(Principal Executive Officer) February 26, 2026 Rajeev K. Goel
/s/ Steven Pantelick Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer) February 26, 2026 Steven Pantelick
/s/ Lisa Gimbel Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer) February 26, 2026 Lisa Gimbel
/s/ Susan Daimler
Director February 26, 2026 Susan Daimler
/s/ Shelagh Glaser
Director February 26, 2026 Shelagh Glaser
/s/ Amar K. Goel
Director February 26, 2026 Amar K. Goel
/s/ Anton Hanebrink
Director February 26, 2026 Anton Hanebrink
/s/ Ramon Jones
Director February 26, 2026 Ramon Jones
/s/ Nick Mehta
Director February 26, 2026 Nick Mehta
/s/ Jacob Shulman
Director February 26, 2026 Jacob Shulman
2026 Executive Bonus Plan
Overview
This 2026 Executive Bonus Plan (“Plan”) specifies the terms and conditions under which eligible executive
employees of PubMatic, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries (“Company” or “PubMatic”) may receive bonuses from the
Company and how the Plan will be administered. This Plan states how bonuses are calculated, but it does not
change your target bonus. Please read this entire document carefully, as important aspects of the Plan and your
potential bonus are detailed in this document.
This Plan is for the plan year January 1, 2026 through December 31, 2026 (the “Plan Period”). The Company
reserves the right to modify, extend, withdraw or terminate this Plan, prospectively, at any time.
Purpose of Plan
The purpose of the Plan is to reward executive employees for achieving defined objectives and financial targets, to
help the Company achieve its overall goals, and to retain high-performing employees.
Plan Objectives
The primary objective of the Plan is to promote business success by:
• Creating a uniform plan for executives that is consistent with the market.
• Incenting executives to focus on Company targets and Individual Action Plans.
• Providing an opportunity to receive a bonus beyond current bonus targets, should the Company exceed
performance targets.
Participants and Eligibility
An executive employee of the Company is eligible to participate in the Plan if the following eligibility criteria are met:
• You are one of the following executives of the Company: Chief Executive Officer; Chief Innovation Officer;
Chief Financial Officer; President, Engineering; Chief Technology Officer; Chief Marketing Officer; General
Counsel; SVP, Product Management; SVP, Human Resources; CRO, Americas; or any other position as
determined by the Board of Directors of the Company or a designated committee thereto (the “Board”).
• The executive employee is not an eligible participant under any other bonus plan generally available to
employees of PubMatic for the Plan Period; and
• The employee is employed in Good Standing by PubMatic in a regular, full-time position through the Bonus
Payment Date, subject to applicable law.
Executive employees who are eligible to participate in the Plan are referred to herein as “Participants.” Each
Participant must sign, date, and return a copy of this Plan to the Company
PubMatic 2026 Executive Bonus Plan
before the Participant is eligible to receive any payments or benefits under the Plan, subject to applicable law.
Definitions
1H: The first half of a calendar year, meaning January 1 through June 30.
2H: The second half of a calendar year, meaning July 1 through December 31.
Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income: Company's earnings before income taxes, excluding stock-based compensation
expense, unrealized gains/losses on equity investments and expenses relating to unplanned merger and
acquisition activity.
Bonus Payment Date: The date occurring after the close of the annual review process as approved by the Board,
which date shall be the next scheduled payroll on or after March 15, 2027, or as otherwise may be determined by
the Board.
Bonus Pool: The total aggregate target bonus amount of all eligible Participants under this Plan as of the end of
each half year. For an eligible Participant who works for less than entire half year, such Participant’s target bonus
amount will be prorated based on the number of days worked during the Plan Period divided by the number of
days in the half year.
Good Standing: This means that you have neither received any written warnings for misconduct, nor been placed
on a performance improvement plan during the Plan Period.
Revenue (GAAP): The actual revenue recognized by the Company, as defined by generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP).
Bonus Target Amount
Please refer to your offer letter, promotion letter, employment contract, or similar documentation (“Employment
Agreement”) for your bonus target, or contact Human Resources.
Criteria
A bonus may be paid to a Participant based on factors such as Company performance and continued employment
with the Company in Good Standing through the Bonus Payment Date.
Plan Components and Weightings
The Plan consists of:
Financial Metric Component. The financial metric component of a Participant’s bonus will be weighted in the
aggregate at 100%, and annual attainment will be measured based on the half-year Company performance targets
and weightings specified in in Exhibit A.
PubMatic 2026 Executive Bonus Plan
Performance Based Adjustments to the Bonus Pool. The Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income metric will be used to
determine the half year adjustment to the Bonus Pool based on the targets specified in Exhibit B. Any adjustments to
the Bonus Pool amount will be distributed on a prorated basis to all eligible Participants based on their respective
bonus target amounts. This adjustment will occur after the calculation of the preliminary bonus amount detailed in the
“Bonus Calculation” section below.
For example, if the Bonus Pool is $600k for 1H and a Participant has a $60,000 target bonus, the Participant’s
preliminary bonus amount will be subject to 10.0% of any adjustment, positive or negative, to the Bonus Pool.
For each component of the Plan, a 50% weighting will apply to 1H and a 50% weighting will apply to 2H.
Minimum Achievement
 
In order for any bonus payout to be earned for the year, the Financial Metric Component in the aggregate for the year
must equal or exceed 80% of the target specified in Exhibit A hereto, prior to applying any multipliers.
Multipliers
Multipliers will be applied to achievement on financial metrics based on Company performance for each half-year.
The resulting percentage achievement, as applicable, will factor into the Participant’s bonus payout for the year per
the table below.
Multipliers are calculated using the square method: multiplying the achievement against itself to come up with the
final achievement. For example, an achievement of 110% would yield an achievement used for end of year
calculation of 121% (110% x 110%= 121%).
Multiplier Table Example
Achievement in Aggregate
80%
94%
95%
Multiplier
80%
94%
Final Achievement Result
64.0%
88.4%
95%
PubMatic 2026 Executive Bonus Plan
90.3%
100%
110%
134%
185%
Bonus Calculation
100%
110%
134%
185%
100.0%
121.0%
179.6%
342.3%
The bonus calculation for each year is a two-step process. Bonus calculations are prorated for days worked in the
Plan Period, subject to applicable law.
Steps
1. The financial metrics are calculated. If the weighted average is over the minimum achievement of 80% specified
above, multipliers will be applied to the financial metric, which will be used to calculate the preliminary bonus
amount.
2. For every $1 above the Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income target specified in Exhibit B hereto, 2 cents will be added to
the Bonus Pool for 1H. For every $1 below the Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income Target, 2 cents will be removed from
the Bonus Pool for 1H (this amount will be revised as part of the 2H planning process). Any adjustments to the
Bonus Pool will be applied on a prorated basis to the preliminary bonus amount and a final bonus amount will be
calculated.
Bonus calculation for each Participant, including any Bonus Pool adjustment, for each half is capped at 250% of the
Participant’s target bonus. Bonus payouts are then prorated based on the number of days worked during the Plan
Period divided by the number of days in Plan Period.
Bonus Calculation Example
Total Bonus Pool
Participant’s Pro Rata Share of Bonus Pool
Participant’s Target Bonus for Plan Period
Participant’s Target Bonus for 1H (1/2 of annual)
Participant’s Target Bonus for 2H (2/2 of annual)
PubMatic 2026 Executive Bonus Plan
$600,000
10.00%
$60,000
$30,000
$30,000
Weight
Achievement
Notes
1H Revenue (GAAP)
1H Revenue (GAAP) w/ multiplier
1H Preliminary Bonus Payment Amount $
1H Bonus Pool
1H Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income Target
1H Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income Actual
Amount Above or Below Target (delta)
1H Bonus Pool Adjustment ($0.02 per $)
Participant’s Share (10% of Bonus Pool)
$
$
$
$
$
100%
36,300 
20,000,000 
25,000,000 
+5,000,000 
+100,000 
+10,000 
1H Total Payout        
2H Metrics
2H Revenue (GAAP)
2H Revenue (GAAP) w/ multiplier
$46,300
Weight
100%
110.0%
121.0%
(110% x 110%)
$30,000 x 121%
1H Preliminary Bonus Payment Amount + 1H
Participant’s Share of Pool
Achievement
90.0%
81.0%
Notes
2H Preliminary Bonus Payment Amount $
2H Bonus Pool
2H Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income Target
2H Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income Actual
Amount Above or Below Target (delta)
2H Bonus Pool Adjustment ($0.05 per $)
Participant’s Share (10% of Bonus Pool)
$
$
24,300 
20,000,000 
17,000,000 -$3,000,000 -$150,000 -$15,000 
2H Total Payout       
$9,300
90% x 90%
$30,000 x 81%
$0.05 used for
illustration
2H Preliminary Bonus Payment Amount + 2H
Participant’s Share of Pool
Annual Total Payout (1H + 2H)   
$55,600
PubMatic 2026 Executive Bonus Plan
Reductions During Company-Approved Leaves of Absence
If a Participant goes on a Company-approved leave of absence, the Company may reduce the Participant’s bonus
target on a pro-rated basis, to the extent permitted by law. This pro-rata reduction will not apply during the first four
weeks of any Company-approved and paid leave of absence, or during the first 12 weeks of any maternity leave. This
pause in the reduction of a bonus target is referred to as a “Paid Leave Bonus Credit”.
A Participant is entitled to only one Paid Leave Bonus Credit per Plan Year. Where a single leave of absence extends
from one Plan Year to the next, the Participant may not apply a new Paid Leave Bonus Credit to the same leave of
absence as it passes into the subsequent Plan Year. However, the Participant will not be precluded from Paid Leave
Bonus Credit in the subsequent Plan Year should the Participant need to take a second, unrelated leave of absence.
Any Paid Leave Bonus Credit during such second leave of absence shall be reduced by the amount of credit
previously taken in that same year.
In the case of intermittent leave, any pro-rata reduction or Paid Leave Bonus Credit will be based on the amount of
leave actually taken, not on the span of time during which intermittent leave occurred.
Standards of Conduct
Any violation of the Company’s policies, including PubMatic’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and/or Anti
Bribery Policy, may result in a negative penalty on eligibility to accrue and/or receive bonuses under this Plan, and
may subject the Participant to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
By signing below, Participant agrees to abide by any and all Company policies in effect during the Plan Year.
Participants Who Become Ineligible or Who Are Terminated
If a Participant becomes ineligible to participate in the Plan because the Participant is transferred into a Company
position that is not eligible to participate in this Plan, the Participant’s targets under this Plan will be pro-rated
according to the last day of work under this Plan immediately prior to the transfer.
If a Participant becomes ineligible to participate in the Plan because the Participant’s employment with the Company
terminates for any reason or the Participant is under notice of employment termination (whether given or received)
prior to the applicable Bonus Payment Date (i.e., by voluntary resignation, involuntary termination, or death or
otherwise), the Participant’s eligibility to earn any future bonus under this Plan shall cease on the Participant’s final
day of employment, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law. To be clear, for a Participant to earn any bonus
under this Plan, the Participant must be employed on the Bonus Payment Date, except as prohibited by law.
PubMatic 2026 Executive Bonus Plan
Overpayment of Bonuses
By signing the Plan, the Participant agrees to promptly repay the Company for any bonus overpayment made to the
Participant (e.g., due to miscalculation, payroll errors), and agrees to authorize the Company to make deductions
from the Participant’s earned wages and/or future bonus payments under the Plan, to recover any overpayments. In
the event the Participant and the Company cannot agree on repayment terms, the Company reserves all its legal
rights, including its right to initiate legal action to recover the overpayment and/or to deduct the overpayment from the
Participant’s earned wages (including the Participant’s final paycheck) in accordance with applicable laws.
Company’s Rights
The Company reserves the right to accept and reject customers and proposed agreements with customers, to set
and modify prices and discounts, and to otherwise make all decisions with respect to the Company’s business. No
bonuses will be earned for any contracts not approved by, or otherwise rejected by, the Company for any reason.
Plan Administration
This Plan is authorized and administered by the Board, who has sole authority to interpret the Plan and to make or
nullify any provision or procedure, as deemed necessary, for proper administration of the Plan, or a designated
committee of the Board. Unless otherwise prohibited by law, any determination by the Board or its designated
committee regarding the Plan or any of its provisions or procedures shall be final and binding as to all affected
Participants.
Plan Changes or Discontinuance
Except as limited by applicable law, the Company reserves the right to modify, discontinue, or otherwise change the
Plan or any of its provisions at any time for any reason, including, without limitation, the right to modify or change a
Participant’s weightings, targets/metrics, achievement criteria (including thresholds or caps for specific target
achievement) or bonus payments to account, among other things, for Company financial performance, change in
market conditions, Company performance as compared to the broader market or industry in which the Company
operates, client circumstances that are outside of Participant control, non-recurring charges, makegoods or other
financial factors, as well as a Participant’s performance or failure to comply with the Company’s policies or
procedures.
At-Will Employment
If Participant is an at-will employee, nothing in this Plan alters or modifies the at-will nature of a Participant’s
employment with the Company, and the Participant and the Company have the right to terminate the at-will
employment relationship at any time, with or without notice or cause, except as limited by applicable laws or the
Participant’s Employment Agreement.
Governing Law
PubMatic 2026 Executive Bonus Plan
This Plan and all agreements hereunder, including any attachments, schedules, exhibits, and subsequent
modifications to the Plan, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California,
USA without giving effect to that body of laws pertaining to conflict of laws.
Signature
By signing below, you acknowledge that you have carefully read this document and understand its terms. Additionally,
you agree that this document contains the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding your
participation in a Company bonus plan for the Plan Period, and supersedes any and all other bonus plans or
agreements or arrangements you have or may have had with the Company, including any such Company bonus plan
covering the Company’s immediately prior fiscal year. To be clear, if you do not sign and return this Plan to the
Company, you shall not be eligible to continue to receive bonus payments with regard to the Plan Period under the
terms of any such prior bonus plans to which you have been subject.
If you are signing this document by electronic signature such as Adobe Sign: (i) you agree, and it is your intent, to
sign this document and affirmation by electronic signature such as Adobe Sign and by electronically submitting this
document to the Company; (ii) you understand that your signing and submitting this record/document in this fashion is
the legal equivalent of having placed your handwritten signature on the submitted record/document and this
affirmation; and (iii) you understand and agree that by electronically signing and submitting this record/document in
this fashion, you are affirming to the truth of the information contained therein.
Participant:                    
By: ___________________________________________________________
Name: _________________________
Date: ____________________________________________
PubMatic:
/s/____________________________
Rajeev Goel, Co-Founder & CEO
PubMatic 2026 Executive Bonus Plan
Exhibit A-- 2026 Company Performance Metric Targets
(***Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). The omitted
information is not material and is the type of information that the Company customarily and actually treats as private
and confidential.)
Metric
Revenue (GAAP)
Weight
1H 2026 Target
2H 2026 Target
100%
[***]
Exhibit B – FY 2026 Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income Achievement
Metric
Adjusted Pre-Tax Net
Income
1H 2026 Target
[***]
TBD
2H 2026 Target
TBD
PubMatic 2026 Executive Bonus Plan
Exhibit 21.1
SUBSIDIARIES OF PUBMATIC, INC.
Name: Jurisdiction:
PubMatic India Private Limited
India
PubMatic GmbH
PubMatic Limited
PubMatic Software (Shanghai) Limited
PubMatic KK
PubMatic Pte Ltd
PubMatic US, Inc.
PubMatic Ireland Limited
Germany
United Kingdom
China
Japan
Singapore
Delaware
Ireland
Exhibit 23.1
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-285337, 333-277458, 333-270102, 333-263129, 333-251237 and 333
254752 on Form S-8 of our report dated February 26, 2026, relating to the financial statements of PubMatic, Inc. and the effectiveness of PubMatic Inc.’s
internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025.
/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
San Jose, California
February 26, 2026
Exhibit 31.1
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Rajeev K. Goel, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PubMatic, Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d
15(f)) for the registrant and have:
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal
control over financial reporting.
Dated: February 26, 2026
By: 
/s/ Rajeev K. Goel
Rajeev K. Goel
Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
Exhibit 31.2
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Steven Pantelick, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PubMatic, Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d
15(f)) for the registrant and have:
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal
control over financial reporting.
Dated: February 26, 2026
By: 
/s/ Steven Pantelick
Steven Pantelick
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)
Exhibit 32.1
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Rajeev K. Goel, Chief Executive Officer of PubMatic, Inc. (the “Company”), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:
(1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the “Report”) fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
Dated: February 26, 2026
By: 
/s/ Rajeev K. Goel
Rajeev K. Goel
Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
The foregoing certification is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of PubMatic, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.
Exhibit 32.2
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Steven Pantelick, Chief Financial Officer of PubMatic, Inc. (the “Company”), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:
(1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the “Report”) fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
Dated: February 26, 2026
By: 
/s/ Steven Pantelick
Steven Pantelick
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)
The foregoing certification is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of PubMatic, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.